From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <15052009.1075840028315.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 12 Jul 2001 12:47:43 -0700 (PDT)
From: mark.hackney@aps.com
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: July Agenda and Documents
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Hackney, Mark W(Z39911) <Mark.Hackney@aps.com>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

Attached is an Agenda (rough), the POR/POD/JOU/Tie Matrix Spreadsheet, the
OC Handbook practices and procedures (labeled MarkHackneyOCHandbook...),
another copy of the Bob Harshbarger note.  Please print and bring with you!

 <<Agenda for ISAS July Meeting.doc>>  <<tie
points-JOU's-MASTER_POR_POD_meeting final.xls>>  
<<MarkHackneyOCHandbookRequest.doc>>  <<Ad Hoc Timeline Review Team>> 

Mark W. Hackney
Section Leader
Pre and Real-time Transmission Scheduling
APS OATT Administration
Arizona Public Service Company
602.250.1128 - Office
602.908.1423 - Cell
602.250.1155 - Fax
mailto:Mark.Hackney@aps.com


--------- Inline attachment follows ---------

From: Harshbarger, Robert <bharsh@puget.com>
To: Hackney, Mark W(Z39911) <Mark.Hackney@aps.com>
CC: DEMPSEY, JERRY <DEMPSEY@wapa.gov>, Ellingson, Mons M(Z34655) <Mons.Ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, Fotiou, Demetrios <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, Grow, Lisa <lgrow@idahopower.com>, Holden-Baker, Susan <smholden@bpa.gov>, Smith, Chris <csmith@caiso.com>, Tilghman, Carmine <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, Underwood, John <john.underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>
Date: Tuesday, July 3, 2001 7:19:19 PM
Subject: Ad Hoc Timeline Review Team

Mark -

The ad hoc team's product is attached.  It is a suggested revision to the
NERC A3A1 time table for the WSCC.  Some basic points are:

*	Elimination of manually setting the WSCC pre-schedule flag.  The
table provides rules for the e-tag software to automatically set the flag.

*	The majority of our efforts were focussed on creating an incentive
mechanism to encourage timely tag submission and assessment.  The team
agreed that the best incentive mechanism would be a financial one (i.e.,
tags submitted close to the deadline would pay a high submittal fee - tags
submitted early in the hour would pay little or no submittal fee - approval
entities would receive compensation for assessing/approving late tags,
etc.).  But, a financial mechanism would  have to go through a cumbersome
review/approval process which would be too inflexible for the fast paced
world of E-Tag and NERC's electronic scheduling.  So, the suggested
incentive process increases the risk of a tag not being approved the closer
the submittal time is to the start time.  To do this, we considered three
parameters - the assessment window, deferred denial, and the default
composite status.  

	*	The assessment window is a period time that the E-Tag
Authority Service gives the Approval Services to assess a submitted tag.
Each Approval Service is to check the tag for various things and respond
with a approved or denied vote back to Authority service who then set the
final composite status.

	*	Deferred denial is when a entity denies a tag, the composite
status does not immediately become Denied, but instead waits until the end
of the assessment window to set the composite status.  This allows the
denying approval entity time to reconsider their vote and change it, if
appropriate.

	*	The default composite status is a final stated reached at
the end of the assessment window when one or more approval entities fails to
actively approve or deny a tag.  Currently, tags submitted before a certain
deadline will have their final composite status default to Approved.  Tags
submitted after a certain deadline will have their final composite status
default to Denied.

	For real-time tagging, we cite the hour-ahead business where
Purchasing-selling entities trade products for delivery in the next hour.  

	*	Tags submitted in the first half of the hour-ahead, referred
to 0 to 30 past, will have a 10 minute assessment window, are subjected to
deferred denial, and will default to Approved/Conditional.

	*	Tags submitted from 30 to 40 past, will have a 10 minute
assessment window, are not subjected to deferred denial (can be called
instant denial), and but will still default to Approved/Conditional.

	*	Tags submitted in the after 40 past, will have a 5 minute
assessment window, are not subjected to deferred denial (can be called
instant denial), and will default to Denied (thus assigned a composite
status of Late).

*	The table references specific times in the submittal and assessment
process which should all reference a consistent time zone standard.  The
team was divided on the best approach.  Some suggested all times on the
table be the prevailing time for the LCA.  This would require each CA to
include in the e-tag registry their time zone.  Some suggested  all times on
the table be in Pacific Prevailing Time.  And some suggested that all times
on the table be in Pacific Standard Time.  The conclusion is that a white
paper would be produced prior to the July ISAS meeting discussing the pros
and cons of each suggestion.

*	The group does not recommend basing submittal time on the tag
agent's time clock - submittal time should stay with the authority service.

*	Here's a big one - because the timing table allows for later
submittal times, the tag assessment process is encroaching on the start of
the WSCC standard ramp (i.e., currently starts at 10 minutes before the
hour).  We are recommending that ISAS request the OC to study the
feasibility of moving the WSCC standard ramp from a twenty minute duration
straddling the hour to 10 minute duration straddling the hour (i.e., starts
at 0:55 and ends at 0:05).  Such a change would align the WSCC with the
Eastern Interconnection and relieve some of the issues surrounding late tag
submittals.

*	There was some discussion on establishing a new regional practice
for the tariff deadline for schedule changes (most are set to 20 before the
start).  It was felt that there is little chance at getting all entities to
change their tariffs in a coordinated and timely manner.

*	The team did not want to address at this time issues concerning
multiple preschedule days and how they are not recognized in Policy 3 or the
E-Tag specifications.

*	Finally, the team can not stress enough that a composite status of
Late should not and does not mean automatic denial.  The Late designation
simple indicates that the default composite status is Denied.  Approval
entities should make every effort to assess all tags, Late or not.

Hurray for the team members, many, many thanks.

 <<tag time table draft_rev3.doc>> 

Robert Harshbarger
Puget Sound Energy
OASIS Trading Manager
425.882.4643 (desk)
206.604.3251 (cell)

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <12256734.1075840028339.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Fri, 6 Jul 2001 17:43:32 -0700 (PDT)
From: mark.hackney@aps.com
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: Business Practices
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Hackney, Mark W(Z39911) <Mark.Hackney@aps.com>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

Well- Lisa and I finally finish the incorporation of the comments into the
BP document.  That document is the entitled "Majority Accepted BP for
WSCC_with_Comments.doc".  The document with no comments but the comments
incorporated is entitled "Majority Accepted BP for WSCC_Final.doc" and will
be the one submitted for the 30 day posting prior to my request for an OC
vote.  The last document is the "Final" one with the BP # 10 change, and is
to be submitted for 60 day due process.  That will be posted if OC approves
the "Final" documents.

With this all in mind, I am requesting by this email that the voting member
(and that who this email is going to) approve all three document for
disposition as I've described above.  The deadline for vote return will be
by opening of business on July 16, so that I may have a count to report at
the 17th meeting and to get closure.

Thanks in advance for you patience and help in getting this completed.


 <<Majority Accepted BP for WSCC_with_Comments.doc>>  <<Majority Accepted BP
for WSCC_New DP.doc>>  <<Majority Accepted BP for WSCC_Final.doc>> 

Mark W. Hackney
Section Leader
Pre and Real-time Transmission Scheduling
APS OATT Administration
Arizona Public Service Company
602.250.1128 - Office
602.908.1423 - Cell
602.250.1155 - Fax
mailto:Mark.Hackney@aps.com

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <8689654.1075840028052.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 6 Sep 2001 12:23:18 -0700 (PDT)
From: mark.hackney@aps.com
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: Updated Agenda and attachment
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Hackney, Mark W(Z39911) <Mark.Hackney@aps.com>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

Attached is an updated agenda and a summary of the WSCC survey of the OC on
the Standard Scheduling Time Zone.  This will be an item of discussion on
the agenda.  I've also include a copy of the POR/POD/Tie Matrix/JOU/swiss
army knife/magic decoder ring/unlimited golf at pebble beach pass from the
website.


 <<WSCC ISAS Vancouver01 Agenda.pdf>>  <<Time Zone Survey Results.xls>>  
<<tie points-JOU's-MASTER_Update_8_28_01.xls>> 

Mark W. Hackney
Section Leader
Pre and Real-time Transmission Scheduling
APS OATT Administration
Arizona Public Service Company
602.250.1128 - Office
602.908.1423 - Cell
602.250.1155 - Fax
mailto:Mark.Hackney@aps.com

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <4625401.1075840028390.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Fri, 1 Jun 2001 13:43:24 -0700 (PDT)
From: danielle@wscc.com
To: multi6@wscc.com
Subject: No Tag No Flow Enclosure
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: danielle@wscc.com <IMCEANOTES-danielle+40wscc+2Ecom@ENRON.com>
X-To: Multiple Committees <multi6@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

OPERATIONS COMMITTEE

LeRoy Patterson's May 25th letter referred to a letter from Mark Hackney but
it was inadvertently left out of the distribution.  Attached are the letters from
LeRoy Patterson and Mark Hackney.

cc:	Paul Barber - EMMT
	Bill Comish - WSCC
	Dennis Eyre -WSCC
	Bill Pascoe - MPC
	INTERCHANGE SCHEDULING AND ACCOUNTING
		SUBCOMMITTEE
	WESTERN MARKET INTERFACE COMMITTEE
	COUNCIL REPRESENTATIVES
	OC STEERING COMMITTEE


Danielle Gardner
PH: (801)582-0353
Fax: (801)582-3918
EM: danielle@wscc.com

The following section of this message contains a file attachment
prepared for transmission using the Internet MIME message format.
If you are using Pegasus Mail, or any another MIME-compliant system,
you should be able to save it or view it from within your mailer.
If you cannot, please ask your system administrator for assistance.

   ---- File information -----------
     File:  e-tag requirements.doc
     Date:  25 May 2001, 14:57
     Size:  32256 bytes.
     Type:  Unknown

 - e-tag requirements.doc 
The following section of this message contains a file attachment
prepared for transmission using the Internet MIME message format.
If you are using Pegasus Mail, or any another MIME-compliant system,
you should be able to save it or view it from within your mailer.
If you cannot, please ask your system administrator for assistance.

   ---- File information -----------
     File:  Mark Hackney letter.doc
     Date:  1 Jun 2001, 10:11
     Size:  50176 bytes.
     Type:  Unknown

 - Mark Hackney letter.doc 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <22816835.1075840028437.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Fri, 18 May 2001 17:16:09 -0700 (PDT)
From: mark.hackney@aps.com
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: "No Tag, No Flow"
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: "Hackney, Mark W(Z39911)" <Mark.Hackney@aps.com> <IMCEANOTES-+22Hackney+2C+20Mark+20W+28Z39911+29+22+20+3CMark+2EHackney+40aps+2Ecom+3E@ENRON.com>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

LeRoy

Attached is a letter  regarding the subcommittee's recommendation on the
implementation of "No Tag, No Flow".

 <<OC_Chair_Ltr_NoFlow.doc>>

Mark W. Hackney
Section Leader
Pre and Real-time Transmission Scheduling
APS OATT Administration
Arizona Public Service Company
602.250.1128 - Office
602.908.1423 - Cell
602.250.1155 - Fax
mailto:Mark.Hackney@aps.com


 - OC_Chair_Ltr_NoFlow.doc 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <2254042.1075840028159.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Wed, 15 Aug 2001 13:32:05 -0700 (PDT)
From: dlacen@pnm.com
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: FW: Interchange Subcommittee Meeting Agenda - August 22-24, 2001
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Lacen, Don <DLACEN@pnm.com>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

FYI.... 

Don Lacen 
Public Service Company of New Mexico 
Transmission Services Coordinator 
Alvarado Square, MS EP11 
Albuquerque, NM, 87158 
505-241-2032 
dlacen@pnm.com 


-----Original Message----- 
From: Barbara Bogenrief [<mailto:Barbara.Bogenrief@nerc.net>] 
Sent: Wednesday, August 15, 2001 10:24 AM 
To: Interchange Subcommittee 
Subject: Interchange Subcommittee Meeting Agenda - August 22-24, 2001 


Dear Interchange Subcommittee Members: 

The August 22-24, 2001 IS meeting agenda (Omaha, NE) is posted and 
available for download from the following NERC web site: 

<http://www.nerc.com/~filez/is.html> 

"is-0801a.pdf" 

Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks. 

Barbara 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <11311052.1075840027978.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Mon, 12 Nov 2001 16:37:05 -0800 (PST)
From: bob.cummings@nerc.net
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: New Test Registry
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Bob Cummings <Bob.Cummings@nerc.net>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

ALL:

The new Full Registry for Testing for expanded testing (interoperability
and end-to-end) can be found on the bottom of the page at:

http://www.nerc.com/~filez/tag/E-tag/E-Tag.htm

These files include a snapshot of the Full Registry taken last Friday as
well as the Test Registry previously being used by the vendors for
interoperability testing. All production URLs have been replaced by test
URLs from the vendors.

There was a slight delay in the issuance of this test registry due a
death in Paul Baratelli's family. Contact Lynn Costantini if there are
any problems.

If an individual company wishes to test their own "home grown" software,
the Test URLs should be sent to Paul Baratelli
(paul.baratelli@nerc.net), with copies to Lynn Costantini
(lynn.costantini@nerc.net) and me (bob.cummings@nerc.net).

Please note that some of the CSV files were updated on 11/12/01 and some
on 11/09/01. The newer files contain updates to the test URLs made
today.

Bob Cummings
NERC
Director - Projects 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <6802820.1075840028286.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Fri, 13 Jul 2001 19:37:51 -0700 (PDT)
From: bharsh@puget.com
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: RE: July Agenda and Documents
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Harshbarger, Robert <bharsh@puget.com>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

Attached is a white paper prepared for the Timeline Ad Hoc Team by Lisa Grow
proposing the use of Pacific Prevailing Time in the proposed A3A1 WSCC E-Tag
timetable.  As Mark says, print it out and bring it with you.  See you in
Rancho Cordova.

 <<PPTproposal.doc>> 

Robert Harshbarger
Puget Sound Energy
OASIS Trading Manager
425.882.4643 (desk)
206.604.3251 (cell)


> ----------
> From: 	Hackney, Mark W(Z39911)[SMTP:Mark.Hackney@aps.com]
> Sent: 	Thursday, July 12, 2001 9:47 AM
> To: 	Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS)
> Subject: 	July Agenda and Documents
> 
> <<File: Agenda for ISAS July Meeting.doc>><<File: tie
> points-JOU's-MASTER_POR_POD_meeting final.xls>><<File:
> MarkHackneyOCHandbookRequest.doc>><<Message: Ad Hoc Timeline Review Team>>
> Attached is an Agenda (rough), the POR/POD/JOU/Tie Matrix Spreadsheet, the
> OC Handbook practices and procedures (labeled MarkHackneyOCHandbook...),
> another copy of the Bob Harshbarger note.  Please print and bring with
> you!
> 
>  <<Agenda for ISAS July Meeting.doc>>  <<tie
> points-JOU's-MASTER_POR_POD_meeting final.xls>>  
> <<MarkHackneyOCHandbookRequest.doc>>  <<Ad Hoc Timeline Review Team>> 
> 
> Mark W. Hackney
> Section Leader
> Pre and Real-time Transmission Scheduling
> APS OATT Administration
> Arizona Public Service Company
> 602.250.1128 - Office
> 602.908.1423 - Cell
> 602.250.1155 - Fax
> mailto:Mark.Hackney@aps.com
> 
> 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <11729694.1075840028027.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Mon, 10 Sep 2001 11:02:17 -0700 (PDT)
From: barbara.bogenrief@nerc.net
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: E-Tag 1.7 Implementation Schedule
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Barbara Bogenrief <Barbara.Bogenrief@nerc.net>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

TO:	NERC ROSTER
	STANDARDS LISTSERVER GROUP
	NERC OPERATING MANUAL OWNERS
	SYSTEM OPERATOR TRAINERS
	WSCC ISAS
	OASIS SCHEUDLING COLLABORATIVE

A letter is attached from Robert W. Cummings, Director - Transmission
Services , regarding the status of E-Tag Version 1.7 implementation. The
letter is also available for download from the following NERC web site:

http://www.nerc.com/~filez/is.html

Thank you.

Barbara Bogenrief
Secretary-Operations
 <<Letter - E-Tag 17 Implementation - Sep 10, 2001.pdf>> 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <19002963.1075840028004.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Mon, 15 Oct 2001 12:57:51 -0700 (PDT)
From: paul.rice@pacificorp.com
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: RE: Scheduling Time constant
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Rice, Paul <Paul.Rice@Pacificorp.com>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

Sorry for the late response, I just got it today.  PacifiCorp would be in favor of any move that lessened the amount of time changes that occur each year whether that be to PST or PPT.  The preferential order would be PST for no changes, PPT for one change each year and then dropping it altogether as the last alternative.  

-----Original Message----- 
From: Hackney, Mark W(Z39911) [<mailto:Mark.Hackney@aps.com>] 
Sent: Wednesday, October 10, 2001 11:01 AM 
To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) 
Subject: Scheduling Time constant 


It's been brought to my attention that we never resolved the issue of the 
common scheduling time (no Freudian slip on the acronym).  The group agreed 
to a PST value in July, but we wanted to survey the OC and WMIC first before 
going further.  That was to be one of our topic in Vancouver.  Well.... 

So, I'd like to get a feel from the group: the survey leaned toward Pacific 
Prevailing Time as that match up with energy products, so.. continue to go 
forward with PST as in July, modify our suggestion to PPT or drop all 
together and wait to see if NERC is going to come up with something.  If we 
decide to go with either PST or PPT, I will get the OC Steering to help with 
clarification on this as a due process item or an item that can be brought 
to the OC for vote in 2002.  In addition, I would think that most would 
agree that implementation if it takes affect would be favorable at the April 
2002 time change, so that is my suggestion that we use, if ISAS goes forward 
with the request to the OC. 

Please get back with your thought by next Wednesday so I can put together 
something for the upcoming OC meetings. 

Mark W. Hackney 
Section Leader 
Pre and Real-time Transmission Scheduling 
APS OATT Administration 
Arizona Public Service Company 
602.250.1128 - Office 
602.908.1423 - Cell 
602.250.1155 - Fax 
<mailto:Mark.Hackney@aps.com> 
_________________________________________________________________ 
Click to add my contact info to your organizer: 
<http://my.infotriever.com/cc2tf0ey> 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <8279577.1075840028365.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 5 Jul 2001 17:28:41 -0700 (PDT)
From: mark.hackney@aps.com
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: FW: OASIS Phase II Business Practices - 2nd Posting
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Hackney, Mark W(Z39911) <Mark.Hackney@aps.com>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

Please note date for comments.

-----Original Message-----
From: Monica Mulryan [mailto:Monica.Mulryan@nerc.net]
Sent: Thursday, July 05, 2001 8:27 AM
To: Monica Mulryan
Subject: OASIS Phase II Business Practices - 2nd Posting



TO:	OASIS SCHEDULING COLLABORATIVE
	NERC ROSTER
	STANDARDS LISTSERVER
	OPERATING MANUAL OWNERS
	SYSTEMS OPERATOR TRAINERS


This is a REMINDER that the deadline for public comment to the 2nd
posting is Tuesday July 10, 2001.  

North American Electric Reliability Council
Princeton Forrestal Village, 116-390 Village Boulevard, Princeton, New
Jersey 08540-5731
	

	
June 27, 2001

On May 25, 2001, the Electronic Scheduling Collaborative posted 15
separate business practices documents for public comment.  While the
comments received were helpful, some important questions still remain.
The ESC is soliciting your input on specific questions regarding
business practices that are critical to Electronic Scheduling and OASIS
Phase II.  
This request is in lieu of a second posting of revised business
practices, which the ESC had scheduled for June 26, 2001. The questions
are concise and specific to a few practices; therefore, a more formal
posting is not needed and answers or comments to these questions are
requested by e-mail.  The comment period ends on July 10.  The ESC will
respond "in general" to the comments and post the comments and responses
to the Electronic Scheduling web site.  
The current proposed Business Practices will continue to be posted and
can be reviewed as reference to these questions.  Comments from the May
25, 2001 posting are now posted on the Electronic Scheduling web site.
The ESC is in the process of integrating the business practices into a
business model with rules demonstrating how the model works.  The
business model will be included in the third and final posting of
business practices on July 31, 2001.  The ESC will file business
practices with FERC on August 31, 2001.
Please respond by forwarding e-mail to monica.mulryan@nerc.com
<mailto:monica.mulryan@nerc.com>.  When commenting to this posting
reference "ESC Posting of June 26" and include in the body of the
e-mail:
	*	Your Name
	*	Your Organization
	*	E-mail Address
	*	Comments related to which Business Practice(s) 
			*	Losses
			*	Schedule Timing
			*	Schedule Granularity
			*	OASIS Granularity
			*	Ramping
			*	Schedule Composition
			 <<ESC Posting - Critical Business
Practices.doc>> 

Regards,
Monica S. Mulryan
Secretary-Operations


From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <18129670.1075840028078.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Sun, 2 Sep 2001 15:52:19 -0700 (PDT)
From: dlacen@pnm.com
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: NERC IS 08/22/01-08/24/01 Meeting Report
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ANSI_X3.4-1968
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Lacen, Don <DLACEN@pnm.com>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

Here is my NERC IS 08/22/01-08/24/01 Meeting Report.  
<<NERC IS 08-01 meeting report-LACEN.doc>> 

Major Highlights: 
NERC IS voted against the WSCC's tagging changes to Version 5 of Policy 3: 

?       Add the following to third bullet under Section A2.1 - (Deference to the WSCC where Dynamic Interchange Schedules are of known amounts by the sending and receiving control areas, have existing transmission, and the TP's are aware of the amounts are exempt from being tagged.) 

?       Add the following to the fourth bullet under Section A2.1 - (Deference to the WSCC where existing procedure require notification of bilateral payback to be made via the WSCC Messaging network, amounts are limited to 25 megawatts per hour unless all parties are notified are exempt from being tagged.  Amount in excess of 25 megawatts per hour will be tagged.)  The NERC IS's general consensus is that all schedules should be tagged.

NERC IS accepted the WSCC's Timetable to be included in V5 of policy 3 for 1.7 E-tagging with the TISWG/OSC changes. 

E-Tag Implementation delay to November 13, 2001: 

The primary reason for delaying the implementation of E-Tag 1.7 is the lack of a complete Registry.  This issue has now been raised to the most significant item that must be addressed for the NEW - November 13, 2001 implementation date. 


If you have any questions please contact me. 
Thanks 
Don Lacen 
Public Service Company of New Mexico 
Transmission Services Coordinator 
Alvarado Square, MS EP11 
Albuquerque, NM, 87158 
505-241-2032 
dlacen@pnm.com 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <27059322.1075840028413.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Mon, 21 May 2001 17:01:56 -0700 (PDT)
From: dlacen@pnm.com
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: FW: What's New in E-Tag 1.7
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: "Lacen, Don" <DLACEN@pnm.com> <IMCEANOTES-+22Lacen+2C+20Don+22+20+3CDLACEN+40pnm+2Ecom+3E@ENRON.com>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 


Interesting reading!  What's New in E-Tag 1.7 
Don Lacen 
Public Service Company of New Mexico 
Transmission Services Coordinator 
Alvarado Square, MS EP11 
Albuquerque, NM, 87158 
505-241-2032 
dlacen@pnm.com 
-----Original Message----- 
From: Rodriquez, Andy [mailto:Andy.Rodriquez@enron.com ] 
Sent: Sunday, May 20, 2001 2:56 PM 
To: OSC@nerc.com; interchange@nerc.com 
Subject: What's New in E-Tag 1.7 
OSC: Please review the attached document and see if it is lacking in any 
areas.  Any and all comments are appreciated. 
IS: I thought this overview might help illustrate exactly what we are 
trying to do in E-tag 1.7, why it is important, and why it is causing so 
many changes. 
Andy Rodriquez 
Senior Regulatory Specialist - Enron Corp. 
andy.rodriquez@enron.com 
713-345-3771 
  
 - Whats New in 1.7.doc 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <6019448.1075840028133.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Mon, 20 Aug 2001 11:25:58 -0700 (PDT)
From: dlacen@pnm.com
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: RE: E-Tag 1.7 Issues
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Lacen, Don <DLACEN@pnm.com>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

THIS MIGHT NOT WORK IN THE IDC, BUT IT IS A REQUIREMENT FOR THE WSCC. CAN WE MAKE THIS WORK TO ACCOMPLISH ALL OF OUR REQUIREMENTS?

Don Lacen 
Public Service Company of New Mexico 
Transmission Services Coordinator 
Alvarado Square, MS EP11 
Albuquerque, NM, 87158 
505-241-2032 
dlacen@pnm.com 


-----Original Message----- 
From: Bob Cummings [<mailto:Bob.Cummings@nerc.net>] 
Sent: Monday, August 20, 2001 8:03 AM 
To: OASIS Scheduling Collaborative 
Cc: Interchange Subcommittee; Interchange Distribution Calculator 
Working Group 
Subject: RE: E-Tag 1.7 Issues 


Dear OSCers, 

Doing away with the path, or even not keeping it serial within the 1.7 
tags is unacceptable because it will not work with the IDC. 

Sure you could program the IDC to reconstruct the path, but the 
processing time then becomes a performance issue for the IDC. That is 
not acceptable...ALL tags in the EI go to the IDC, so it becomes a real 
processing problem. 

Remember these things work as a single system! E-Tag 1.7 will NOT be 
implemented without working properly with the IDC...they are 
interdependent. 

-----Original Message----- 
From: JPalin@pwrteam.com [<mailto:JPalin@pwrteam.com>] 
Sent: Monday, August 20, 2001 10:31 AM 
To: Hagge, Jerry W. 
Cc: Interchange Subcommittee; OASIS Scheduling Collaborative; 
owner-interchange@nerc.com 
Subject: Re: E-Tag 1.7 Issues 



Jerry, 

  I also do not recall any discussion regarding doing away with the path 
on 
ETag 1.7.  I would be interested in knowing how the TISWG and the IS 
would 
be unaware of this issue if in fact there is a push to elliminate paths. 

Thoughts? 
Julie 



************************************************************************ 
********************** 
This E-mail and any of its attachments may contain Exelon Generation 
Company 
proprietary information, which is privileged, confidential, or subject 
to copyright 
belonging to the Exelon family of Companies.  This E-mail is intended 
solely for 
the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  If you 
are not the 
intended recipient of this E-mail, you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination, 
distribution, copying, or action taken in relation to the contents of 
and 
attachments to this E-mail is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. 
If you have 
received this E-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and 
permanently delete the original and any copy of this E-mail and any 
printout. 

Thank You. 
************************************************************************ 
********************* 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <734385.1075840028184.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Tue, 14 Aug 2001 18:38:22 -0700 (PDT)
From: laurel@wscc.com
To: multi3@wscc.com
Subject: E-Tag Requirements Letter From OC Chair
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: laurel@wscc.com
X-To: Multiple Committees <multi3@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

OPERATIONS COMMITTEE

Please see the attached letter from M. LeRoy Patterson and an 
associated letter from NERC IS Chair, Charles Yeung.

cc:
Paul Barber - EMMT
Bill Comish - WSCC
Dennis Eyre - WSCC
Bill Pascoe - MPC
Charles Yeung - NERC IS
ISAS Members
WMIC Members
Council Representatives
OC Steering Committee Members
  w/enclosure



Laurel Hansen
Administrative Coordinator
Phone: (801) 582-0353
Fax: (801) 582-3918
email: laurel@wscc.com

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <28338721.1075840028208.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Wed, 1 Aug 2001 13:03:16 -0700 (PDT)
From: elder@wscc.com
To: wsccstds@wscc.com
Subject: WSCC Standards Announcement
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: elder@wscc.com
X-To: WSCC Standards Announcement <wsccstds@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

WSCC STANDARDS CORRESPONDENTS
WESTERN MARKET INTERFACE COMMITTEE
COMPLIANCE PROCESS TASK FORCE
OPERATIONS COMMITTEE AND
   OC SUBCOMMITTEE
PLANNING COORDINATION COMMITTEE AND
   PCC SUBCOMMITTEES

In accordance with the WSCC "Process for Developing and 
Approving WSCC Standards," this document has been posted for 
comment on the WSCC Web site 
http://www.wscc.com/files/acbpwsdp.pdf

Please note that this WSCC ISAS E-Tag Business Practices 
posting differs from the ISAS Business Practices posting of 
July 26, 2001.  The latter posting is in the 30-day pre-OC ballot 
phase of the Standards Development process.  

Please provide any comments by October 1, 2001.  Comments 
should be made via e-mail to standards@wscc.com.


LINDA ELDER
ADMINISTRATIVE COORDINATOR
PH 801-582-0353
FX 801-582-3918
EM elder@wscc.com

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <31133089.1075840028109.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Mon, 20 Aug 2001 11:39:32 -0700 (PDT)
From: dlacen@pnm.com
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: MORE CLARIFICATION FW: E-Tag 1.7 Issues
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Lacen, Don <DLACEN@pnm.com>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

TO HELP CLARIFY MY EARLY COMMENT. THE WSCC REQUIRES THE PATH (POR-POD)IN E-TAG NOW AND IN 1.7, WITHOUT THE PATH THE TAG BECOME USELESS.

Don Lacen 
Public Service Company of New Mexico 
Transmission Services Coordinator 
Alvarado Square, MS EP11 
Albuquerque, NM, 87158 
505-241-2032 
dlacen@pnm.com 


-----Original Message----- 
From: Lacen, Don 
Sent: Monday, August 20, 2001 8:26 AM 
To: 'Bob Cummings'; OASIS Scheduling Collaborative 
Cc: Interchange Subcommittee; Interchange Distribution Calculator 
Working Group; 'WSCC - ISAS' 
Subject: RE: E-Tag 1.7 Issues 


THIS MIGHT NOT WORK IN THE IDC, BUT IT IS A REQUIREMENT FOR THE WSCC. CAN WE MAKE THIS WORK TO ACCOMPLISH ALL OF OUR REQUIREMENTS?

Don Lacen 
Public Service Company of New Mexico 
Transmission Services Coordinator 
Alvarado Square, MS EP11 
Albuquerque, NM, 87158 
505-241-2032 
dlacen@pnm.com 


-----Original Message----- 
From: Bob Cummings [<mailto:Bob.Cummings@nerc.net>] 
Sent: Monday, August 20, 2001 8:03 AM 
To: OASIS Scheduling Collaborative 
Cc: Interchange Subcommittee; Interchange Distribution Calculator 
Working Group 
Subject: RE: E-Tag 1.7 Issues 


Dear OSCers, 

Doing away with the path, or even not keeping it serial within the 1.7 
tags is unacceptable because it will not work with the IDC. 

Sure you could program the IDC to reconstruct the path, but the 
processing time then becomes a performance issue for the IDC. That is 
not acceptable...ALL tags in the EI go to the IDC, so it becomes a real 
processing problem. 

Remember these things work as a single system! E-Tag 1.7 will NOT be 
implemented without working properly with the IDC...they are 
interdependent. 

-----Original Message----- 
From: JPalin@pwrteam.com [<mailto:JPalin@pwrteam.com>] 
Sent: Monday, August 20, 2001 10:31 AM 
To: Hagge, Jerry W. 
Cc: Interchange Subcommittee; OASIS Scheduling Collaborative; 
owner-interchange@nerc.com 
Subject: Re: E-Tag 1.7 Issues 



Jerry, 

  I also do not recall any discussion regarding doing away with the path 
on 
ETag 1.7.  I would be interested in knowing how the TISWG and the IS 
would 
be unaware of this issue if in fact there is a push to elliminate paths. 

Thoughts? 
Julie 



************************************************************************ 
********************** 
This E-mail and any of its attachments may contain Exelon Generation 
Company 
proprietary information, which is privileged, confidential, or subject 
to copyright 
belonging to the Exelon family of Companies.  This E-mail is intended 
solely for 
the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  If you 
are not the 
intended recipient of this E-mail, you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination, 
distribution, copying, or action taken in relation to the contents of 
and 
attachments to this E-mail is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. 
If you have 
received this E-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and 
permanently delete the original and any copy of this E-mail and any 
printout. 

Thank You. 
************************************************************************ 
********************* 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <20827431.1075840028262.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 26 Jul 2001 19:02:51 -0700 (PDT)
From: laurel@wscc.com
To: wsccstds@wscc.com
Subject: Standards for Approval - ISAS E-Tag Business Practices
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: laurel@wscc.com
X-To: WSCC Standards Announcement <wsccstds@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

WSCC STANDARDS CORRESPONDENTS
OPERATIONS COMMITTEE AND OC SUBCOMMITTEES
PLANNING COORDINATION COMMITTEE AND PCC 
SUBCOMMITTEES

In accordance with the WSCC "Process for Developing and Approving 
WSCC Standards," the ISAS E-Tag Business Practices has been 
posted for approval on the WSCC Web site

http://www.wscc.com/files/ISAS_Business_Practices_Final.pdf

Approval of the document will be requested by ballot after the 30-day 
posting period.


Laurel Hansen
Administrative Coordinator
Phone: (801) 582-0353
Fax: (801) 582-3918
email: laurel@wscc.com

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:20:54 2022
Message-ID: <17292542.1075840028233.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Mon, 30 Jul 2001 11:40:48 -0700 (PDT)
From: dlacen@pnm.com
To: isas@wscc.com
Subject: FW: Interchange Subcommittee Meeting Minutes Posted
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Lacen, Don <DLACEN@pnm.com>
X-To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS) <isas@wscc.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Scholtes, Diana\STF
X-Origin: SCHOLTES-D
X-FileName: 

FYI... 
If you have any questions please contact me. 
<http://www.nerc.com/~filez/is.html>  - is0401m.pdf - IS Meeting Minutes - April 23-25, 2001 (Draft) 

Thanks 
Don Lacen 
Public Service Company of New Mexico 
Transmission Services Coordinator 
Alvarado Square, MS EP11 
Albuquerque, NM, 87158 
505-241-2032 
dlacen@pnm.com 


-----Original Message----- 
From: Glenda Rodriguez [<mailto:Glenda.Rodriguez@nerc.net>] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 25, 2001 10:06 AM 
To: Interchange Subcommittee 
Subject: Interchange Subcommittee Meeting Minutes Posted 


Dear Members: 

The following Interchange Subcommittee meeting minutes have been posted 
to the NERC web site: 

<http://www.nerc.com/~filez/is.html> 

is0601m.pdf             IS Meeting Minutes - June 27-29, 2001 (Draft)  
is0401m.pdf             IS Meeting Minutes - April 23-25, 2001 (Draft) 

Please contact me if you have any questions. 

Sincerely, 

Glenda Rodriguez  

