From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <14247437.1075839945547.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Tue, 12 Jun 2001 16:14:29 -0700 (PDT)
From: smholden@bpa.gov
To: robert'.'harshbarger@enron.com, mons.ellingson@enron.com,
	demetrios.fotiou@enron.com, lisa.grow@enron.com,
	susan.holden-baker@enron.com, chris.smith@enron.com,
	carmine.tilghman@enron.com, john.underwood@enron.com,
	bill.williams@enron.com
Subject: FW: Possible new E-tag time table
Cc: carter@enron.com, gjcarter@bpa.gov, ellingwood@enron.com,
	rgellingwood@bpa.gov, hutchison@enron.com, wahutchison@bpa.gov,
	buchanan@enron.com, scbuchanan@bpa.gov, buckmier@enron.com,
	smbuckmier@bpa.gov, mcneil-keister@enron.com, jmcneilkeister@bpa.gov,
	hoffman@enron.com, lshoffman@bpa.gov
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: carter@enron.com, gjcarter@bpa.gov, ellingwood@enron.com,
	rgellingwood@bpa.gov, hutchison@enron.com, wahutchison@bpa.gov,
	buchanan@enron.com, scbuchanan@bpa.gov, buckmier@enron.com,
	smbuckmier@bpa.gov, mcneil-keister@enron.com, jmcneilkeister@bpa.gov,
	hoffman@enron.com, lshoffman@bpa.gov
X-From: "Holden-Baker, Susan - TMS-DITT2" <smholden@bpa.gov>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Holden-Baker+2C+20Susan+20-+20TMS-DITT2+22+20+3Csmholden+40bpa+2Egov+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: 'Harshbarger, Robert' <bharsh@puget.com>, Ellingson, Mons <mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, Fotiou, Demetrios <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, Grow, Lisa <lgrow@idahopower.com>, Holden-Baker, Susan <smholden@bpa.gov>, Smith, Chris <csmith@caiso.com>, Tilghman, Carmine <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, Underwood, John <john.underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>, 'DEMPSEY@wapa.gov', 'Hackney, Mark' <mhackney@apsc.com>
X-cc: Carter, Gloria J - TMS-DITT1 <gjcarter@bpa.gov>, Ellingwood, Robert G - TMS <rgellingwood@bpa.gov>, Hutchison, Wesley A - TMS <wahutchison@bpa.gov>, Buchanan, Shepard - TMS-DITT1 <scbuchanan@bpa.gov>, Buckmier, Shirley M.- TMS <smbuckmier@bpa.gov>, McNeil-Keister, Jean - TMS <jmcneilkeister@bpa.gov>, Hoffman, Lorie S - TMS-DITT1 <lshoffman@bpa.gov>
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 


I made a few suggested revisions in the attached tag time table.  BPAT is
supportive of the change to remove the preschedule flag and also to use the
LCA prevailing time.  Thanks for the opportunity to comment.

-----Original Message-----
From: Harshbarger, Robert [mailto:bharsh@puget.com]
Sent: Monday, June 11, 2001 3:52 PM
To: Ellingson, Mons; Fotiou, Demetrios; Grow, Lisa; Holden-Baker, Susan;
Smith, Chris; Tilghman, Carmine; Underwood, John; Williams, Bill
Cc: 'Hackney, Mark'
Subject: FW: Possible new E-tag time table


Jerry Dempsey has sent the attached regarding the preschedule flag in E-Tag.

What he is proposing is:
*	a revision to the timeline tables in A3A to enable software to make
the determination of whether or not a tag is for preschedule or real-time
(currently it is a flag set by the PSE creating the tag).
*	Referencing time in terms of the Load Control Area's prevailing time
(this fits the Authority Service is associated with the load control area
and it's the Authority Service that keeps the time).

It may be possible to get this revision worked in to the 1.7 release.

Process
Please review his proposal and comment.
Specifically, do you support the concept of removing the flag and using the
timing table logic?
Do you support adjusting times to reference the Load Control Area prevailing
time?

If we reach a consensus on this issue by the end of the week, we can forward
on a recommendation to Mark for distribution to the whole ISAS.  If there is
support from all of ISAS, then it can be taken to NERC IS/TISWG for
approval.

Please let me know by the end of business June 15, 2001.

Bob Harshbarger
425.882.4643
> ----------
> From: 	JERRY DEMPSEY[SMTP:DEMPSEY@wapa.gov]
> Sent: 	Sunday, June 03, 2001 10:42 AM
> To: 	bharsh@puget.com
> Cc: 	Mark.Hackney@aps.com
> Subject: 	Possible new E-tag time table
>
>  <<tag time table draft june 01.doc>>
> Bob,
>
> Mark Hackney suggested I start with you on this issue since you were
> heading up the timing group for ISAS.
>
> Here is the issue - under the current WSCC timing table for tags in Policy
> 3, it is impossible to program whether or not the tag is preschedule or
> real-time.  The NERC tagging group is the group that came up with manually
> selecting the preschedule "flag".  I know that PPW, BPA and ourselves have
> run into a couple of problems with this.  It's been when the merchant has
> selected that flag when it was actually a real-time transaction.  PPW and
> ourselves put it in our scheduling system, BPA (and someone else) did not.
>
>
> At the NERC OSC meeting last week, I asked the question again about how
> can this be fixed in version 1.7.  I was hoping it was as easy as having
> each authority register their timezone in the new Master registry that's
> being developed.  Well - it wasn't that easy.  They explained the other
> problems and I then developed the attached time table.  The group reviewed
> this time table and agreed that it could be automated to determine if a
> tag was preschedule or realtime.
>
> In order to get this programmed into version 1.7, we need to get Policy 3
> revised with the new time table.  In order to get the new time table
> approved, it probably starts with your subgroup, then probably goes to
> Hackney for an e-mail vote to ISAS, then probably on to WSCC OC, then
> finally to NERC.  Problem is we need to do this quickly, by the end of
> June if possible, so that the new Policy 3 will be out in time for 1.7
> release in October.
>
> Now - there's nothing that says this has to happen either.  Another option
> is to just leave it as it is today.  I'd prefer to automate it, but that's
> only my opinion.
>
> At any rate - the NERC OSC has agreed to include timezone in the new NERC
> Master registry.  They have also agreed to incorporate this change into
> 1.7 if it's part of Policy 3.  That's were we stand right now.
>
> As for your subgroup - I don't think I'm on your list, but go ahead and
> add me on if you don't mind.
>
> Call or e-mail if you have any questions.
>
> Thanks - Jerry
> dempsey@wapa.gov
> (970)461-7299
>
>


 - tag time table draft june 01.doc 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <12258573.1075839945574.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Mon, 11 Jun 2001 18:52:25 -0700 (PDT)
From: bharsh@puget.com
To: mons.ellingson@enron.com, demetrios.fotiou@enron.com, lisa.grow@enron.com,
	susan.holden-baker@enron.com, chris.smith@enron.com,
	carmine.tilghman@enron.com, john.underwood@enron.com,
	bill.williams@enron.com
Subject: FW: Possible new E-tag time table
Cc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com
X-From: "Harshbarger, Robert" <bharsh@puget.com>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Harshbarger+2C+20Robert+22+20+3Cbharsh+40puget+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: Ellingson, Mons <mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, Fotiou, Demetrios <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, Grow, Lisa <lgrow@idahopower.com>, Holden-Baker, Susan <smholden@bpa.gov>, Smith, Chris <csmith@caiso.com>, Tilghman, Carmine <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, Underwood, John <john.underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>
X-cc: 'Hackney, Mark' <mhackney@apsc.com>
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

Jerry Dempsey has sent the attached regarding the preschedule flag in E-Tag.

What he is proposing is:
*	a revision to the timeline tables in A3A to enable software to make
the determination of whether or not a tag is for preschedule or real-time
(currently it is a flag set by the PSE creating the tag).
*	Referencing time in terms of the Load Control Area's prevailing time
(this fits the Authority Service is associated with the load control area
and it's the Authority Service that keeps the time).

It may be possible to get this revision worked in to the 1.7 release.

Process
Please review his proposal and comment.
Specifically, do you support the concept of removing the flag and using the
timing table logic?
Do you support adjusting times to reference the Load Control Area prevailing
time?

If we reach a consensus on this issue by the end of the week, we can forward
on a recommendation to Mark for distribution to the whole ISAS.  If there is
support from all of ISAS, then it can be taken to NERC IS/TISWG for
approval.

Please let me know by the end of business June 15, 2001.

Bob Harshbarger
425.882.4643
> ----------
> From: 	JERRY DEMPSEY[SMTP:DEMPSEY@wapa.gov]
> Sent: 	Sunday, June 03, 2001 10:42 AM
> To: 	bharsh@puget.com
> Cc: 	Mark.Hackney@aps.com
> Subject: 	Possible new E-tag time table
>
>  <<tag time table draft june 01.doc>>
> Bob,
>
> Mark Hackney suggested I start with you on this issue since you were
> heading up the timing group for ISAS.
>
> Here is the issue - under the current WSCC timing table for tags in Policy
> 3, it is impossible to program whether or not the tag is preschedule or
> real-time.  The NERC tagging group is the group that came up with manually
> selecting the preschedule "flag".  I know that PPW, BPA and ourselves have
> run into a couple of problems with this.  It's been when the merchant has
> selected that flag when it was actually a real-time transaction.  PPW and
> ourselves put it in our scheduling system, BPA (and someone else) did not.
>
>
> At the NERC OSC meeting last week, I asked the question again about how
> can this be fixed in version 1.7.  I was hoping it was as easy as having
> each authority register their timezone in the new Master registry that's
> being developed.  Well - it wasn't that easy.  They explained the other
> problems and I then developed the attached time table.  The group reviewed
> this time table and agreed that it could be automated to determine if a
> tag was preschedule or realtime.
>
> In order to get this programmed into version 1.7, we need to get Policy 3
> revised with the new time table.  In order to get the new time table
> approved, it probably starts with your subgroup, then probably goes to
> Hackney for an e-mail vote to ISAS, then probably on to WSCC OC, then
> finally to NERC.  Problem is we need to do this quickly, by the end of
> June if possible, so that the new Policy 3 will be out in time for 1.7
> release in October.
>
> Now - there's nothing that says this has to happen either.  Another option
> is to just leave it as it is today.  I'd prefer to automate it, but that's
> only my opinion.
>
> At any rate - the NERC OSC has agreed to include timezone in the new NERC
> Master registry.  They have also agreed to incorporate this change into
> 1.7 if it's part of Policy 3.  That's were we stand right now.
>
> As for your subgroup - I don't think I'm on your list, but go ahead and
> add me on if you don't mind.
>
> Call or e-mail if you have any questions.
>
> Thanks - Jerry
> dempsey@wapa.gov
> (970)461-7299
>
>

 - tag time table draft june 01.doc 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <21648882.1075839945264.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Tue, 19 Jun 2001 19:41:31 -0700 (PDT)
From: ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com
To: robert'.'harshbarger@enron.com, jerry'.'dempsey@enron.com,
	mons.ellingson@enron.com, demetrios.fotiou@enron.com,
	lisa.grow@enron.com, susan.holden-baker@enron.com,
	chris.smith@enron.com, john.underwood@enron.com,
	bill.williams@enron.com
Subject: RE: Meeting
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: "Tilghman, Carmine" <CTilghman@TucsonElectric.com>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Tilghman+2C+20Carmine+22+20+3CCTilghman+40TucsonElectric+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: 'Harshbarger, Robert' <bharsh@puget.com>, 'DEMPSEY, JERRY' <DEMPSEY@wapa.gov>, Ellingson, Mons <mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, Fotiou, Demetrios <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, Grow, Lisa <lgrow@idahopower.com>, Holden-Baker, Susan <smholden@bpa.gov>, Smith, Chris <csmith@caiso.com>, Underwood, John <john.underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

Bob,
Sorry for the late response, I've been gone the last 10 days. I will not be
able to make the meeting on June 27. I do like Jack Dempsey's proposal. I'm
not sure I completely understand Mons' reasoning, but I believe the PSE
submission deadline should be left at 30 minutes for the following 2
reasons:

1. 3A1 is very explicit in its definition of transaction start time and
excluding the ramp time. If we change it to read "20 minutes prior
    to start" that would allow a tag to be submitted at 40 after.

2. If the 20 minutes verbage is to be used, then the the remaining verbage
defining transaction start time as excluding ramp time will
    need to be removed.

It was my understanding that both proposals intended to leave the real-time
deadline at :30 after.

However, I still have the same questions as a few weeks ago with respect to
the new BP's being put forth by the ESC/ESTF. Are we going to take into
account the BP's that the ECS/ESTF have put out/being commented on? The
schedule process BP has several ramping/timing changes, as well as frag
tags. They aren't asking whether or not we should adopt Eastern Connection
timelines, they're just doing it.

Personally, I don't think the majority of the WSCC's units can handle a 10
minute ramp, and the idea of finishing the ramp on the quarter is a prelude
to a perpetual time error correction and excessive inadvertent accounts.
However, that is being proposed.

I would appreciate someone else's opinion on where the proposed BP's fit in
with our goal.

Carmine Tilghman
Tucson Electric Power
Wholesale Marketing
(520) 745-7108

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <21350489.1075839945763.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 24 May 2001 13:45:01 -0700 (PDT)
From: ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com
To: mons.ellingson@enron.com, demetrios.fotiou@enron.com, lisa.grow@enron.com,
	robert.harshbarger@enron.com, susan.holden-baker@enron.com,
	chris.smith@enron.com, john.underwood@enron.com,
	bill.williams@enron.com
Subject: Anyone else read this?
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: "Tilghman, Carmine" <CTilghman@TucsonElectric.com>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Tilghman+2C+20Carmine+22+20+3CCTilghman+40TucsonElectric+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: Ellingson, Mons <mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, Fotiou, Demetrios <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, Grow, Lisa <lgrow@idahopower.com>, Harshbarger, Robert <bharsh@puget.com>, Holden-Baker, Susan <smholden@bpa.gov>, Smith, Chris <csmith@caiso.com>, Underwood, John <john.underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

	Has anyone, or everyone, read the latest business practice proposal
that was released by NERC on Tuesday? It is ESC's Scheduling and Approval
Practices submitted by the Multiple Task Groups - Scheduling Process,
Approval, Schedule Timing, Granularity and Ramping Task Groups.
	Specifically, they are recommending changing the ramp time to a
10-minute straddle ramp (:55 to :05). In addition, they're recommending
allowing schedule changes on the quarter (as already exists at :15, :30,
:45) with a 10 minute ramp. Their reasoning is, and this is a quote, "large
generators that require longer Ramp times (e.g. 20 or 30 minutes), could
partially ramp for 10 minutes across the schedule start, then finish with
another 10-minute ramp across the next quarter to complete the full ramp.
This would accommodate areas such as Florida and WSCC, where longer ramp
times are needed."
	Their asking for feedback for the public posting. This proposal has
a serious impact on our recommendations. Anyone have any comments? I'm
attaching a copy of the document. It's 21 pages long, about 15 of them on
frag tags. The ramping stuff and recommendations are the last couple of
pages.

Carmine Tilghman
Tucson Electric Power
Wholesale Marketing
(520) 745-7108

 <<ESC Scheduling Pracitces (multiple task groups) C Advena.doc>>

 - ESC Scheduling Pracitces (multiple task groups) C Advena.doc 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <2891371.1075839945901.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Fri, 18 May 2001 18:15:53 -0700 (PDT)
From: gjcarter@bpa.gov
To: pgsd-5.smith@enron.com, pgsd-5.johnson@enron.com, pgsc-5.humphrey@enron.com,
	pg-5.coe@enron.com, e-mail <.al@enron.com>, andy.rodriquez@enron.com,
	e-mail <.bert@enron.com>, e-mail <.brett@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.brett@enron.com>, e-mail <.carmine@enron.com>,
	bill.williams@enron.com, e-mail <.bob@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.bill@enron.com>, e-mail <.christopher@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.clarke@enron.com>, e-mail <.cline@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.dan@enron.com>, e-mail <.dan@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.dana@enron.com>, e-mail <.dave@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.doug@enron.com>, e-mail <.eaton@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.ed@enron.com>, e-mail <.eric@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.eric@enron.com>, e-mail <.esfahan@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.falco@enron.com>, e-mail <.fotiou@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.frank@enron.com>, e-mail <.fred@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.gary@enron.com>, e-mail <.gem@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.gray@enron.com>, e-mail <.green@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.hahn@enron.com>, e-mail <.hank@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.hilary@enron.com>, e-mail <.hincks@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.hughes@enron.com>, e-mail <.jennella@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.jeff@enron.com>, jesse.bryson@enron.com,
	e-mail <.john@enron.com>, e-mail <.kathy@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.kevin@enron.com>, e-mail <.kim@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.lee@enron.com>, e-mail <.lee@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.magnuson@enron.com>, e-mail <.manglon@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.megan@enron.com>, e-mail <.miles@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.mons@enron.com>, e-mail <.nick@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.paul@enron.com>, e-mail <.paul@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.paul@enron.com>, e-mail <.peck@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.pete@enron.com>, e-mail <.randall@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.randolph@enron.com>, e-mail <.raphael@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.rawlings@enron.com>, e-mail <.ray@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.realtime@enron.com>, e-mail <.robert@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.ryan@enron.com>, e-mail <.scates@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.scott@enron.com>, e-mail <.sherri@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.sinowitz@enron.com>, e-mail <.spear@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.staples@enron.com>, e-mail <.steve@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.steve@enron.com>, e-mail <.sullivan@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.sundet@enron.com>, e-mail <.taffe@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.tim@enron.com>, e-mail <.torrey@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.walth@enron.com>, e-mail <.weldon@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.wiley@enron.com>
Subject: FW: "No Tag, No Flow"
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: "Carter, Gloria J - TMS-DITT1" <gjcarter@bpa.gov>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Carter+2C+20Gloria+20J+20-+20TMS-DITT1+22+20+3Cgjcarter+40bpa+2Egov+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: Smith, Sandra K - PGSD-5 <sksmith@bpa.gov>, Johnson, Kevin M - PGSD-5 <kmjohnson@bpa.gov>, Humphrey, Kristy J - PGSC-5 <kjhumphrey@bpa.gov>, Coe, Scott A - PG-5 <sacoe@bpa.gov>, Al Padron (E-mail) <apadron@calpine.com>, Rodriquez, Andy </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=ARODRIQU>, Bert Gumm (E-mail) <rgumm@idahopower.com>, Bert Gumm (E-mail 2) <robertgumm@idahopower.com>, Bob_Babcock@transalta. com (E-mail) <Bob_Babcock@transalta.com>, Brett Fisher (E-mail) <bfisher@wapa.gov>, Brett Hallborg (E-mail) <brett.hallborg@bchydro.com>, Carmine Tilghman (E-mail) <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>, Bob Winn (E-mail) <rwinn@pnm.com>, Bob Winn (E-mail 2) <bwinn@pnm.com>, Bill Kirby (E-mail) <bill_kirby@pgn.com>, Christopher M Turner (E-mail) <chris.m.turner@mirant.com>, Clarke John (E-mail) <jmclarke@snopud.com>, Cline Donnie (E-mail) <dcline@idahopower.com>, Dan Harney (E-mail) <dan.harney@powerex.com>, Dan Williams (E-mail) <dwilliams@hesinet.com>, Dana Rozelle (E-mail) <drozelle@avistaenergy.com>, Dave Olander (E-mail) <deolande@srpnet.com>, Doug Reese (E-mail) <dreese@idahopower.com>, Eaton Lester (E-mail) <lbeaton@srpnet.com>, Ed Groce (E-mail) <egroce@avistacorp.com>, Eric Langhorst (E-mail) <ejlanghorst@duke-energy.com>, Eric Langhorst (E-mail) <ejlanghorst@duke_energy.com>, Esfahan Hamid (E-mail) <hesfahani@mwd.dst.ca.us>, Falco Kmu (E-mail) <fkmu@dynegy.com>, Fotiou Demetrios (E-mail) <demetrios.fotiou@bchydro.bc.ca>, Frank Afranji (E-mail) <frank_afranji@pgn.com>, Fred Young (E-mail) <fred@ncpa.com>, Gary Eldridge (E-mail) <gary.eldridge@pacificorp.com>, Gem Cox (E-mail) <gemcox@tucsonelectric.com>, Gray Susan (E-mail) <sgray@tucsonelectric.com>, Green Mike (E-mail) <mike@chelanpud.org>, Hahn Frank (E-mail) <fhahn@idahopower.com>, Hank Harris (E-mail) <hharris@coral-energy.com>, Hilary Bell (E-mail) <hdbell@snopud.com>, Hincks Doug (E-mail) <doug.hincks@powerpool.ab.ca>, Hughes John (E-mail) <jhughes@sppc.com>, JENNELLA BATTLES (E-mail) <battles@nevp.com>, Jeff Charlton (E-mail) <jeff_charlton@transalta.com>, Bryson, Jesse </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JBRYSON>, John Coffey (E-mail) <jfcoffey@snpd.com>, Kathy Hara (E-mail) <khara@avistaenergy.com>, Kevin Holland (E-mail) <kholland@avistaenergy.com>, Kim Mattern (E-mail) <Kim.Mattern@avistacorp.com>, Lee Susan (E-mail) <slee@mieco.com>, Lee Tarcy (E-mail) <tarcy.lee@pacificorp.com>, Magnuson David (E-mail) <damagn@puget.com>, Manglon Barbara (E-mail) <bmanglon@ci.tacoma.wa.us>, Megan Carson (E-mail) <megan.carson@powerex.com>, Miles Anna (E-mail) <amiles@puget.com>, Mons Ellingson (E-mail) <mons@apsc.com>, Nick Snowden (E-mail) <nick.snowden@bchydro.com>, Paul Gordy (E-mail) <pgordy@pnm.com>, Paul Kroger (E-mail) <paul.kroger@pacificorp.com>, Paul Spitzer (E-mail) <paul.spitzer@powerex.com>, Peck Kimberly (E-mail) <kmpe@dynegy.com>, Pete Garris (E-mail) <pgarris@water.ca.gov>, Randall Dost (E-mail) <realtime@enmax.com>, Randolph Kim (E-mail) <krandolph@bpa.gov>, Raphael Grinberg (E-mail) <raphael.grinberg@pinnaclewest.com>, Rawlings Gordon (E-mail) <gordon.rawlings@bchydro.bc.ca>, Ray Matt (E-mail) <mattr@mid.org>, RealTime Desk (E-mail) <realtime@enmax.com>, Robert (Bob) Goodson (E-mail) <rgoods@ladwp.com>, Ryan Miller (E-mail) <ryan.miller@mirant.com>, Scates Andy (E-mail) <ascates@mieco.com>, Scott Adair (E-mail) <scott.adair@powerex.com>, Sherri Lemon (E-mail) <slemon@avistacorp.com>, Sinowitz Mike (E-mail) <mike.sinowitz@ci.seattle.wa.us>, Spear Rose (E-mail) <rspear@pplmt.com>, Staples Max (E-mail) <mstapl@puget.com>, Steve Mounts (E-mail) <steve_mounts@pgn.com>, Steve Thompson (E-mail) <sthompson@nevp.com>, Sullivan Bob (E-mail) <rsullivan@caiso.com>, Sundet Steve (E-mail) <steve_sundet@pgn.com>, Taffe Joe (E-mail) <Jtaffe@ci.tacoma.wa.us>, Tim Hanna (E-mail) <thanna@sempratrading.com>, Torrey Sheryl (E-mail) <torrey@nevp.com>, Walth Lee (E-mail) <lwalth@avistacorp.com>, Weldon Perkins (E-mail) <weldon.perkins@xemkt.com>, Wiley Zimmerman (E-mail) <wiley_zimmerman@transalta.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

FYI.....................

-----Original Message-----
From: Holden-Baker, Susan - TMS-DITT2
Sent: Friday, May 18, 2001 2:55 PM
To: Hoffman, Lorie S - TMS-DITT1; Buchanan, Shepard - TMS-DITT1; Arnold,
Paul F - TO -DITT2; Meyer, Charles - TM-DITT2; Bennett, Ruth - TM-DITT1
Cc: Real Time - TMS; McNeil-Keister, Jean - TMS; Haines, Richard -
TM-DITT2; Oliver, Laura L - TMS-DITT1
Subject: FW: "No Tag, No Flow"



For your information - the letter written by the WSCC ISAS Subcommittee
earlier this week while meeting in Albequrque, New Mexico.  In addition, the
CISO representative delivered a prepared statment from their top management
that the CISO real time sceduleing would not be ready to implement Real Time
NoTag/No Flow until October 1, 2001, the date they anticpate their
automation to be completed.




-----Original Message-----
From: Hackney, Mark W(Z39911) [mailto:Mark.Hackney@aps.com]
Sent: Friday, May 18, 2001 2:16 PM
To: Interchange Scheduling & Accounting Subcommittee (ISAS)
Subject: "No Tag, No Flow"


LeRoy

Attached is a letter  regarding the subcommittee's recommendation on the
implementation of "No Tag, No Flow".

 <<OC_Chair_Ltr_NoFlow.doc>>

Mark W. Hackney
Section Leader
Pre and Real-time Transmission Scheduling
APS OATT Administration
Arizona Public Service Company
602.250.1128 - Office
602.908.1423 - Cell
602.250.1155 - Fax
mailto:Mark.Hackney@aps.com



 - OC_Chair_Ltr_NoFlow.doc 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <26752749.1075839945369.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Wed, 13 Jun 2001 12:39:56 -0700 (PDT)
From: bharsh@puget.com
To: jerry'.'dempsey@enron.com, mons.ellingson@enron.com,
	demetrios.fotiou@enron.com, lisa.grow@enron.com,
	susan.holden-baker@enron.com, chris.smith@enron.com,
	carmine.tilghman@enron.com, john.underwood@enron.com,
	bill.williams@enron.com
Subject: Meeting
Cc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com
X-From: "Harshbarger, Robert" <bharsh@puget.com>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Harshbarger+2C+20Robert+22+20+3Cbharsh+40puget+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: 'DEMPSEY, JERRY' <DEMPSEY@wapa.gov>, Ellingson, Mons <mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, Fotiou, Demetrios <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, Grow, Lisa <lgrow@idahopower.com>, Holden-Baker, Susan <smholden@bpa.gov>, Smith, Chris <csmith@caiso.com>, Tilghman, Carmine <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, Underwood, John <john.underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>
X-cc: 'Hackney, Mark' <mhackney@apsc.com>
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

Based on what I've seen so far, looks like June 27th.

Based on that, I have tentatively booked a room 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. at
the PDX Conference Center, Portland, OR.  If you haven't been there before,
there's diagram/map at:

http://portlandairportpdx.com/web_pop/CONFER.HTM

Some of the items for an agenda:
*	Elimination of preschedule flag
*	Time table times refer to prevailing time of the sink/load control
area
*	Preschedule items
*	Real-time items

There are more specific items, I just haven't had enough coffee yet.  A real
agenda out next week.

Robert Harshbarger
Puget Sound Energy
OASIS Trading Manager
425.882.4643 (desk)
206.604.3251 (cell)

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <7971559.1075839945181.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Fri, 29 Jun 2001 17:16:34 -0700 (PDT)
From: dempsey@wapa.gov
Subject: Re: New proposed table
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: "JERRY DEMPSEY" <DEMPSEY@wapa.gov>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22JERRY+20DEMPSEY+22+20+3CDEMPSEY+40wapa+2Egov+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: john.underwood@avistacorp.com, Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca, smholden@bpa.gov, csmith@caiso.com, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>, lgrow@idahopower.com, mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com, bharsh@puget.com, ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

All,

I added comment #5 for clarification.

Also, did the group decide to recommend that all tags be submitted in PPT?  If so, then comment #1 is incorrect and would need to be changed to PPT.

Jerry

>>> "Harshbarger, Robert" <bharsh@puget.com> 06/28/01 05:48PM >>>
Jerry sent me a revised table to reflect our discussions yesterday.  I did
some further modifications and it is attached for your review and comment.
I still working on the "words" for yesterday and hope to get them out
tomorrow for review and comment.

 <<tag time table draft_rev2.doc>>

Bob Harshbarger

 - tag time table draft_rev2.doc 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <26156414.1075839945514.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Tue, 12 Jun 2001 16:33:30 -0700 (PDT)
From: smholden@bpa.gov
To: robert'.'harshbarger@enron.com, mons'.'ellingson@enron.com,
	demetrios'.'fotiou@enron.com, lisa'.'grow@enron.com,
	susan'.'holden-baker@enron.com, chris'.'smith@enron.com,
	carmine'.'tilghman@enron.com, john'.'underwood@enron.com,
	bill.williams@enron.com
Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team
Cc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com, carter@enron.com, gjcarter@bpa.gov,
	ellingwood@enron.com, rgellingwood@bpa.gov, hutchison@enron.com,
	wahutchison@bpa.gov, buchanan@enron.com, scbuchanan@bpa.gov,
	buckmier@enron.com, smbuckmier@bpa.gov, mcneil-keister@enron.com,
	jmcneilkeister@bpa.gov, hoffman@enron.com, lshoffman@bpa.gov,
	lyons@enron.com, bdlyons@bpa.gov
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com, carter@enron.com, gjcarter@bpa.gov,
	ellingwood@enron.com, rgellingwood@bpa.gov, hutchison@enron.com,
	wahutchison@bpa.gov, buchanan@enron.com, scbuchanan@bpa.gov,
	buckmier@enron.com, smbuckmier@bpa.gov, mcneil-keister@enron.com,
	jmcneilkeister@bpa.gov, hoffman@enron.com, lshoffman@bpa.gov,
	lyons@enron.com, bdlyons@bpa.gov
X-From: "Holden-Baker, Susan - TMS-DITT2" <smholden@bpa.gov>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Holden-Baker+2C+20Susan+20-+20TMS-DITT2+22+20+3Csmholden+40bpa+2Egov+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: 'Harshbarger, Robert' <bharsh@puget.com>, 'Ellingson, Mons' <mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, 'Fotiou, Demetrios' <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, 'Grow, Lisa' <lgrow@idahopower.com>, 'Holden-Baker, Susan' <smholden@bpa.gov>, 'Smith, Chris' <csmith@caiso.com>, 'Tilghman, Carmine' <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, 'Underwood, John' <john.underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>, 'DEMPSEY@wapa.gov'
X-cc: 'Hackney, Mark' <mhackney@apsc.com>, Carter, Gloria J - TMS-DITT1 <gjcarter@bpa.gov>, Ellingwood, Robert G - TMS <rgellingwood@bpa.gov>, Hutchison, Wesley A - TMS <wahutchison@bpa.gov>, Buchanan, Shepard - TMS-DITT1 <scbuchanan@bpa.gov>, Buckmier, Shirley M.- TMS <smbuckmier@bpa.gov>, McNeil-Keister, Jean - TMS <jmcneilkeister@bpa.gov>, Hoffman, Lorie S - TMS-DITT1 <lshoffman@bpa.gov>, Lyons, Barry D - TMS-DITT1 <bdlyons@bpa.gov>
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

I have attached BPA Transmission Schedulings' response to the questions
posed by Bob in his email dated May 21 below.  If the group feels it would
be helpful to meet to discuss the timeline issues, I am in support of that
effort.  Otherwise, I look forward to the responses from the rest of the
group.  Thanks, Sue.

Sue Holden-Baker
Bonneville Power Administration
Transmission Supply
(360) 418-8278
smholden@bpa.gov


-----Original Message-----
From: Harshbarger, Robert [mailto:bharsh@puget.com]
Sent: Tuesday, May 22, 2001 8:50 AM
To: 'Ellingson, Mons'; 'Fotiou, Demetrios'; 'Grow, Lisa'; 'Holden-Baker,
Susan'; 'Smith, Chris'; 'Tilghman, Carmine'; 'Underwood, John';
'Williams, Bill'
Cc: 'Hackney, Mark'
Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team


Timeliners:

Revision to yesterday's e-mail - due date is end of July.  So proposals by
mid-June, first draft report by early/mid-July, discussion throughout.

Bob

> ----------
> From: 	Harshbarger, Robert
> Sent: 	Monday, May 21, 2001 5:16 PM
> To: 	Ellingson, Mons; Fotiou, Demetrios; Grow, Lisa; Holden-Baker, Susan;
> Smith, Chris; Tilghman, Carmine; Underwood, John; Williams, Bill
> Cc: 	'Hackney, Mark'
> Subject: 	A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team
>
> Yes, that's right, you did raise your hand for this.
>
> We are to submit to ISAS any recommendation(s) by August ??, 2001 (what
> was the date, I didn't write it down).
>
> Is there benefit to have a face-to-face meeting?  Either way, we'll use
> e-mail for discussion and maybe a conference call or two.
>
> First assignment is to read:
> *	A3A1-Interim is what we are currently running with.
> *	A3A1-version3-draft2 goes before the NERC BOT June 10-11.
> *	A3A1-candr contains public comments and responses from NERC IS.
>
> <<File: a3a1-interim.doc>><<File: a3a1v3d2-0501.doc>><<File:
> a3a1candr.doc>>
> Questions to keep in mind:
> *	Are our current timelines as good as it gets?
> *	Do we want to adopt the Eastern Interconnection's timelines?
> *	What are the deficiencies of our timelines?
> *	Will these deficiencies be present under 1.7?
> *	Which timing requirements could be changed with an reasonable amount
> of effort (i.e., tariff items, AGC ramp times, A3A1, etc.)?
>
> Remember....
> <<File: trainedpros.wav>>
>
>  Bob Harshbarger
>  OASIS Trading Manager
>  Puget Sound Energy
>  (425) 882-4643 voice
>  (425) 882-4496 fax
>  (206) 405-5161 pager
>  (206) 604-3251 cell
>


 - NERC Policy 3 E-tag timelines-draft2.doc 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <6182315.1075839945238.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Mon, 25 Jun 2001 18:43:09 -0700 (PDT)
From: bharsh@puget.com
To: jerry'.'dempsey@enron.com, mons'.'ellingson@enron.com,
	demetrios'.'fotiou@enron.com, lisa'.'grow@enron.com,
	susan'.'holden-baker@enron.com, chris'.'smith@enron.com,
	carmine'.'tilghman@enron.com, john'.'underwood@enron.com,
	bill.williams@enron.com
Subject: RE: Meeting
Cc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com
X-From: "Harshbarger, Robert" <bharsh@puget.com>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Harshbarger+2C+20Robert+22+20+3Cbharsh+40puget+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: 'DEMPSEY, JERRY' <DEMPSEY@wapa.gov>, 'Ellingson, Mons' <mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, 'Fotiou, Demetrios' <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, 'Grow, Lisa' <lgrow@idahopower.com>, 'Holden-Baker, Susan' <smholden@bpa.gov>, 'Smith, Chris' <csmith@caiso.com>, 'Tilghman, Carmine' <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, 'Underwood, John' <john.underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>
X-cc: 'Hackney, Mark' <mhackney@apsc.com>
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

Timeline Team -

Attached is proposed agenda for Wednesday's meeting.  Uniforms are optional,
mink gloves aren't required.  Send me agenda additions and/or comments today
or tomorrow.

 <<062701TimelineAgenda.doc>>

You might want do some casual reading and materials review:
*	Policy 3
*	A3A1-Interim is what we are currently running with.
*	A3A1-version3-draft2 goes before the NERC BOT June 10-11.
*	A3A1-candr contains public comments and responses from NERC IS.
*	Real-time subgroup's RTSOLUTIONS_052401
*	E-Tag spec(s)
*	E-Mails from ISAS and/or TISFORUM

Although not on the agenda, we will take a no host lunch break.

Robert Harshbarger
Puget Sound Energy
OASIS Trading Manager
425.882.4643 (desk)
206.604.3251 (cell)


> ----------
> From: 	Harshbarger, Robert
> Sent: 	Wednesday, June 13, 2001 9:39 AM
> To: 	'DEMPSEY, JERRY'; Ellingson, Mons; Fotiou, Demetrios; Grow, Lisa;
> Holden-Baker, Susan; Smith, Chris; Tilghman, Carmine; Underwood, John;
> Williams, Bill
> Cc: 	'Hackney, Mark'
> Subject: 	Meeting
>
> Based on what I've seen so far, looks like June 27th.
>
> Based on that, I have tentatively booked a room 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. at
> the PDX Conference Center, Portland, OR.  If you haven't been there
> before, there's diagram/map at:
>
	http://www.portlandairportpdx.com/web_pop/CONFER.HTM

> Some of the items for an agenda:
> *	Elimination of preschedule flag
> *	Time table times refer to prevailing time of the sink/load control
> area
> *	Preschedule items
> *	Real-time items
>
> There are more specific items, I just haven't had enough coffee yet.  A
> real agenda out next week.
>
> Robert Harshbarger
> Puget Sound Energy
> OASIS Trading Manager
> 425.882.4643 (desk)
> 206.604.3251 (cell)
>

 - 062701TimelineAgenda.doc 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <28705408.1075839945208.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 28 Jun 2001 19:48:30 -0700 (PDT)
From: bharsh@puget.com
To: jerry.dempsey@enron.com, mons.ellingson@enron.com,
	demetrios.fotiou@enron.com, lisa.grow@enron.com,
	susan.holden-baker@enron.com, chris.smith@enron.com,
	carmine.tilghman@enron.com, john.underwood@enron.com,
	bill.williams@enron.com
Subject: New proposed table
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: "Harshbarger, Robert" <bharsh@puget.com>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Harshbarger+2C+20Robert+22+20+3Cbharsh+40puget+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: DEMPSEY, JERRY <DEMPSEY@wapa.gov>, Ellingson, Mons <mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, Fotiou, Demetrios <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, Grow, Lisa <lgrow@idahopower.com>, Holden-Baker, Susan <smholden@bpa.gov>, Smith, Chris <csmith@caiso.com>, Tilghman, Carmine <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, Underwood, John <john.underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

Jerry sent me a revised table to reflect our discussions yesterday.  I did
some further modifications and it is attached for your review and comment.
I still working on the "words" for yesterday and hope to get them out
tomorrow for review and comment.

 <<tag time table draft_rev2.doc>>

Bob Harshbarger

 - tag time table draft_rev2.doc 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <5629279.1075839945736.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 24 May 2001 20:42:43 -0700 (PDT)
From: gjcarter@bpa.gov
To: pgsd-5.johnson@enron.com, pgsd-5.smith@enron.com, tms-ditt1.donald@enron.com,
	tms-ditt1.kitali@enron.com, pg-5.coe@enron.com,
	pgsc-5.humphrey@enron.com, tms-ditt2.holden-baker@enron.com,
	e-mail <.isas@enron.com>, e-mail <.al@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.bert@enron.com>, e-mail <.bill@enron.com>,
	bill.williams@enron.com, e-mail <.bob@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.brett@enron.com>, e-mail <.brett@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.carmine@enron.com>, e-mail <.casey@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.christopher@enron.com>, e-mail <.clarke@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.cline@enron.com>, e-mail <.cobb@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.dan@enron.com>, e-mail <.dana@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.dave@enron.com>, e-mail <.doug@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.eaton@enron.com>, e-mail <.ed@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.eric@enron.com>, e-mail <.esfahan@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.falco@enron.com>, e-mail <.fotiou@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.frank@enron.com>, e-mail <.fred@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.gary@enron.com>, e-mail <.gem@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.gray@enron.com>, e-mail <.green@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.grow@enron.com>, e-mail <.hackney@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.hahn@enron.com>, e-mail <.hank@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.harshbarger@enron.com>, e-mail <.hilary@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.hincks@enron.com>, e-mail <.hughes@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.jeff@enron.com>, e-mail <.jennella@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.jennifer@enron.com>, e-mail <.jerry@enron.com>,
	jesse.bryson@enron.com, e-mail <.john@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.kathy@enron.com>, e-mail <.kevin@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.kim@enron.com>, e-mail <.lacen@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.lee@enron.com>, e-mail <.magnuson@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.martell@enron.com>, e-mail <.megan@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.miles@enron.com>, e-mail <.mons@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.nick@enron.com>, e-mail <.paul@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.paul@enron.com>, e-mail <.paul@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.peck@enron.com>, e-mail <.pete@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.phil@enron.com>, e-mail <.randall@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.raphael@enron.com>, e-mail <.rawlings@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.ray@enron.com>, e-mail <.realtime@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.rice@enron.com>, e-mail <.robert@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.roholt@enron.com>, e-mail <.romero@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.ryan@enron.com>, e-mail <.scates@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.schwermann@enron.com>, e-mail <.scott@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.selwyn@enron.com>, e-mail <.sheik@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.sherri@enron.com>, e-mail <.shimizu@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.sinowitz@enron.com>, e-mail <.spear@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.staples@enron.com>, e-mail <.steve@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.steve@enron.com>, e-mail <.sullivan@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.sundet@enron.com>, e-mail <.taffe@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.torrey@enron.com>, e-mail <.walth@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.weldon@enron.com>, e-mail <.wiley@enron.com>,
	e-mail <.wright@enron.com>
Subject: THE DRAFT DOCUMENT OF REAL-TIME ETAGGING PROBLEMS & SOLUTIONS
Cc: realtime-tms@bpasite1.bpa.gov, mcneil-keister@enron.com,
	jmcneilkeister@bpa.gov, hoffman@enron.com, lshoffman@bpa.gov,
	ellingwood@enron.com, rgellingwood@bpa.gov, haines@enron.com,
	rlhaines@bpa.gov, buchanan@enron.com, scbuchanan@bpa.gov,
	oliver@enron.com, lloliver@bpa.gov, arnold@enron.com,
	pfarnold@bpa.gov, mackay@enron.com, bemackay@bpa.gov
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: realtime-tms@bpasite1.bpa.gov, mcneil-keister@enron.com,
	jmcneilkeister@bpa.gov, hoffman@enron.com, lshoffman@bpa.gov,
	ellingwood@enron.com, rgellingwood@bpa.gov, haines@enron.com,
	rlhaines@bpa.gov, buchanan@enron.com, scbuchanan@bpa.gov,
	oliver@enron.com, lloliver@bpa.gov, arnold@enron.com,
	pfarnold@bpa.gov, mackay@enron.com, bemackay@bpa.gov
X-From: "Carter, Gloria J - TMS-DITT1" <gjcarter@bpa.gov>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Carter+2C+20Gloria+20J+20-+20TMS-DITT1+22+20+3Cgjcarter+40bpa+2Egov+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: Johnson, Kevin M - PGSD-5 <kmjohnson@bpa.gov>, Smith, Sandra K - PGSD-5 <sksmith@bpa.gov>, Donald, Mary - TMS-DITT1 <medonald@bpa.gov>, Kitali, Salah H - TMS-DITT1 <shkitali@bpa.gov>, Coe, Scott A - PG-5 <sacoe@bpa.gov>, Humphrey, Kristy J - PGSC-5 <kjhumphrey@bpa.gov>, Holden-Baker, Susan - TMS-DITT2 <smholden@bpa.gov>, ISAS Correspondents (E-mail) <isascor@wscc.com>, Al Padron (E-mail) <apadron@calpine.com>, Bert Gumm (E-mail) <rgumm@idahopower.com>, Bill Kirby (E-mail) <bill_kirby@pgn.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>, Bob Winn (E-mail) <rwinn@pnm.com>, Bob_Babcock@transalta. com (E-mail) <Bob_Babcock@transalta.com>, Brett Hallborg (E-mail) <brett.hallborg@bchydro.com>, Brett Fisher (E-mail) <bfisher@wapa.gov>, Carmine Tilghman (E-mail) <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, Casey Bill (E-mail) <bill_casey@pgn.com>, Christopher M Turner (E-mail) <chris.m.turner@mirant.com>, Clarke John (E-mail) <jmclarke@snopud.com>, Cline Donnie (E-mail) <dcline@idahopower.com>, Cobb Steven (E-mail) <sccobb@srpnet.com>, Dan Harney (E-mail) <dan.harney@powerex.com>, Dana Rozelle (E-mail) <drozelle@avistaenergy.com>, Dave Olander (E-mail) <deolande@srpnet.com>, Doug Reese (E-mail) <dreese@idahopower.com>, Eaton Lester (E-mail) <lbeaton@srpnet.com>, Ed Groce (E-mail) <egroce@avistacorp.com>, Eric Langhorst (E-mail) <ejlanghorst@duke-energy.com>, Esfahan Hamid (E-mail) <hesfahani@mwd.dst.ca.us>, Falco Kmu (E-mail) <fkmu@dynegy.com>, Fotiou Demetrios (E-mail) <demetrios.fotiou@bchydro.bc.ca>, Frank Afranji (E-mail) <frank_afranji@pgn.com>, Fred Young (E-mail) <fred@ncpa.com>, Gary Eldridge (E-mail) <gary.eldridge@pacificorp.com>, Gem Cox (E-mail) <gemcox@tucsonelectric.com>, Gray Susan (E-mail) <sgray@tucsonelectric.com>, Green Mike (E-mail) <mike@chelanpud.org>, Grow Lisa (E-mail) <lgrow@idahopower.com>, Hackney Mark W. (E-mail) <mhackney@apsc.com>, Hahn Frank (E-mail) <fhahn@idahopower.com>, Hank Harris (E-mail) <hharris@coral-energy.com>, Harshbarger Bob (E-mail) <bharsh@puget.com>, Hilary Bell (E-mail) <hdbell@snopud.com>, Hincks Doug (E-mail) <doug.hincks@powerpool.ab.ca>, Hughes John (E-mail) <jhughes@sppc.com>, Jeff Charlton (E-mail) <jeff_charlton@transalta.com>, JENNELLA BATTLES (E-mail) <battles@nevp.com>, Jennifer Johnson (E-mail) <jjjo@dynegy.com>, Jerry Dempsey (E-mail) <dempsey@wapa.gov>, Bryson, Jesse </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JBRYSON>, John Coffey (E-mail) <jfcoffey@snpd.com>, Kathy Hara (E-mail) <khara@avistaenergy.com>, Kevin Holland (E-mail) <kholland@avistaenergy.com>, Kim Mattern (E-mail) <Kim.Mattern@avistacorp.com>, Lacen Don (E-mail) <dlacen@pnm.com>, Lee Susan (E-mail) <slee@mieco.com>, Magnuson David (E-mail) <damagn@puget.com>, Martell Peggy (E-mail) <pjmartel@srpnet.com>, Megan Carson (E-mail) <megan.carson@powerex.com>, Miles Anna (E-mail) <amiles@puget.com>, Mons Ellingson (E-mail) <mons@apsc.com>, Nick Snowden (E-mail) <nick.snowden@bchydro.com>, Paul Gordy (E-mail) <pgordy@pnm.com>, Paul Kroger (E-mail) <paul.kroger@pacificorp.com>, Paul Spitzer (E-mail) <paul.spitzer@powerex.com>, Peck Kimberly (E-mail) <kmpe@dynegy.com>, Pete Garris (E-mail) <pgarris@water.ca.gov>, Phil O'Donnell (E-mail) <podonnell@caiso.com>, Randall Dost (E-mail) <realtime@enmax.com>, Raphael Grinberg (E-mail) <raphael.grinberg@pinnaclewest.com>, Rawlings Gordon (E-mail) <gordon.rawlings@bchydro.bc.ca>, Ray Matt (E-mail) <mattr@mid.org>, RealTime Desk (E-mail) <realtime@enmax.com>, Rice Paul (E-mail) <Paul.Rice@pacificorp.com>, Robert (Bob) Goodson (E-mail) <rgoods@ladwp.com>, Roholt Brent (E-mail) <brent.roholt@pacificorp.com>, Romero Ana (E-mail) <aromer@dwp.ci.la.ca.us>, Ryan Miller (E-mail) <ryan.miller@mirant.com>, Scates Andy (E-mail) <ascates@mieco.com>, Schwermann Bob (E-mail) <bschwer@smud.org>, Scott Adair (E-mail) <scott.adair@powerex.com>, Selwyn Thomas (E-mail) <sthomas@caiso.com>, Sheik Nathan (E-mail) <nsheik@softsmiths.com>, Sherri Lemon (E-mail) <slemon@avistacorp.com>, Shimizu Ron (E-mail) <rshimizu@mieco.com>, Sinowitz Mike (E-mail) <mike.sinowitz@ci.seattle.wa.us>, Spear Rose (E-mail) <rspear@pplmt.com>, Staples Max (E-mail) <mstapl@puget.com>, Steve Mounts (E-mail) <steve_mounts@pgn.com>, Steve Thompson (E-mail) <sthompson@nevp.com>, Sullivan Bob (E-mail) <rsullivan@caiso.com>, Sundet Steve (E-mail) <steve_sundet@pgn.com>, Taffe Joe (E-mail) <Jtaffe@ci.tacoma.wa.us>, Torrey Sheryl (E-mail) <torrey@nevp.com>, Walth Lee (E-mail) <lwalth@avistacorp.com>, Weldon Perkins (E-mail) <weldon.perkins@xemkt.com>, Wiley Zimmerman (E-mail) <wiley_zimmerman@transalta.com>, Wright Willie (E-mail) <wright@anv.net>
X-cc: Real Time - TMS <RealTime-TMS@BPASite1.bpa.gov>, McNeil-Keister, Jean - TMS <jmcneilkeister@bpa.gov>, Hoffman, Lorie S - TMS-DITT1 <lshoffman@bpa.gov>, Ellingwood, Robert G - TMS <rgellingwood@bpa.gov>, Haines, Richard - TM-DITT2 <rlhaines@bpa.gov>, Buchanan, Shepard - TMS-DITT1 <scbuchanan@bpa.gov>, Oliver, Laura L - TMS-DITT1 <lloliver@bpa.gov>, Arnold, Paul F - TO -DITT2 <pfarnold@bpa.gov>, MacKay, Bruce E - PGS <bemackay@bpa.gov>
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

HELLO,
	PLEASE FIND ATTACHED A DRAFT R/T ETAGGING PROBLEMS & SOLUTIONS
DOCUMENT:
1) I HAVE PROMISED MARK HACKNEY & THE ISAS SUBCOMMITTE A COMPLETED DOCUMENT
BY COB 5/31/01.   SO, PLEASE RESPOND BY NOON ON 5/31/01.

2) IT IS MOST IMPORTANT THAT YOU TAKE THE TIME TO ADD NEW AND/OR MISSED
ETAGGING PROBLEMS.  IT IS CRITICAL THAT YOU SPECIFY THE DETAILS TO THE
PROBLEMS AND EVEN MORE DETAILS TO THE PROPOSED SOLUTIONS.

THANK YOU,
I SINCERELY APPRECIATE YOU WORKING WITH US!
SMILE - GLORIA
 <<RTSOLUTIONS.doc>>

 - RTSOLUTIONS.doc 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <22057969.1075839945290.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Wed, 13 Jun 2001 13:32:46 -0700 (PDT)
From: dempsey@wapa.gov
Subject: Re: Meeting
Cc: mhackney@apsc.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: mhackney@apsc.com
X-From: "JERRY DEMPSEY" <DEMPSEY@wapa.gov>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22JERRY+20DEMPSEY+22+20+3CDEMPSEY+40wapa+2Egov+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: john.underwood@avistacorp.com, Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca, smholden@bpa.gov, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>, lgrow@idahopower.com, mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com, bharsh@puget.com, ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com, Chris Smith <CSMITH@wapa.gov>
X-cc: mhackney@apsc.com
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

Bob,

I cannot make the 27th - sorry.

Just kidding.  I will be there.  Thanks for setting this up.

Jerry

>>> "Harshbarger, Robert" <bharsh@puget.com> 6/13/01 10:39:56 AM >>>
Based on what I've seen so far, looks like June 27th.

Based on that, I have tentatively booked a room 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. at
the PDX Conference Center, Portland, OR.  If you haven't been there before,
there's diagram/map at:

http://portlandairportpdx.com/web_pop/CONFER.HTM

Some of the items for an agenda:
*	Elimination of preschedule flag
*	Time table times refer to prevailing time of the sink/load control
area
*	Preschedule items
*	Real-time items

There are more specific items, I just haven't had enough coffee yet.  A real
agenda out next week.

Robert Harshbarger
Puget Sound Energy
OASIS Trading Manager
425.882.4643 (desk)
206.604.3251 (cell)

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <6588476.1075839945832.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Tue, 22 May 2001 11:49:45 -0700 (PDT)
From: bharsh@puget.com
To: mons'.'ellingson@enron.com, demetrios'.'fotiou@enron.com,
	lisa'.'grow@enron.com, susan'.'holden-baker@enron.com,
	chris'.'smith@enron.com, carmine'.'tilghman@enron.com,
	john'.'underwood@enron.com, bill.williams@enron.com
Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team
Cc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com
X-From: "Harshbarger, Robert" <bharsh@puget.com>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Harshbarger+2C+20Robert+22+20+3Cbharsh+40puget+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: 'Ellingson, Mons' <mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, 'Fotiou, Demetrios' <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, 'Grow, Lisa' <lgrow@idahopower.com>, 'Holden-Baker, Susan' <smholden@bpa.gov>, 'Smith, Chris' <csmith@caiso.com>, 'Tilghman, Carmine' <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, 'Underwood, John' <john.underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>
X-cc: 'Hackney, Mark' <mhackney@apsc.com>
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

Timeliners:

Revision to yesterday's e-mail - due date is end of July.  So proposals by
mid-June, first draft report by early/mid-July, discussion throughout.

Bob

> ----------
> From: 	Harshbarger, Robert
> Sent: 	Monday, May 21, 2001 5:16 PM
> To: 	Ellingson, Mons; Fotiou, Demetrios; Grow, Lisa; Holden-Baker, Susan;
> Smith, Chris; Tilghman, Carmine; Underwood, John; Williams, Bill
> Cc: 	'Hackney, Mark'
> Subject: 	A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team
>
> Yes, that's right, you did raise your hand for this.
>
> We are to submit to ISAS any recommendation(s) by August ??, 2001 (what
> was the date, I didn't write it down).
>
> Is there benefit to have a face-to-face meeting?  Either way, we'll use
> e-mail for discussion and maybe a conference call or two.
>
> First assignment is to read:
> *	A3A1-Interim is what we are currently running with.
> *	A3A1-version3-draft2 goes before the NERC BOT June 10-11.
> *	A3A1-candr contains public comments and responses from NERC IS.
>
> <<File: a3a1-interim.doc>><<File: a3a1v3d2-0501.doc>><<File:
> a3a1candr.doc>>
> Questions to keep in mind:
> *	Are our current timelines as good as it gets?
> *	Do we want to adopt the Eastern Interconnection's timelines?
> *	What are the deficiencies of our timelines?
> *	Will these deficiencies be present under 1.7?
> *	Which timing requirements could be changed with an reasonable amount
> of effort (i.e., tariff items, AGC ramp times, A3A1, etc.)?
>
> Remember....
> <<File: trainedpros.wav>>
>
>  Bob Harshbarger
>  OASIS Trading Manager
>  Puget Sound Energy
>  (425) 882-4643 voice
>  (425) 882-4496 fax
>  (206) 405-5161 pager
>  (206) 604-3251 cell
> 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <15136722.1075839945343.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Wed, 13 Jun 2001 12:46:15 -0700 (PDT)
From: smholden@bpa.gov
To: robert'.'harshbarger@enron.com, jerry'.'dempsey@enron.com,
	mons.ellingson@enron.com, demetrios.fotiou@enron.com,
	lisa.grow@enron.com, chris.smith@enron.com,
	carmine.tilghman@enron.com, john.underwood@enron.com,
	bill.williams@enron.com
Subject: RE: Meeting
Cc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com
X-From: "Holden-Baker, Susan - TMS-DITT2" <smholden@bpa.gov>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Holden-Baker+2C+20Susan+20-+20TMS-DITT2+22+20+3Csmholden+40bpa+2Egov+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: 'Harshbarger, Robert' <bharsh@puget.com>, 'DEMPSEY, JERRY' <DEMPSEY@wapa.gov>, Ellingson, Mons <mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, Fotiou, Demetrios <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, Grow, Lisa <lgrow@idahopower.com>, Smith, Chris <csmith@caiso.com>, Tilghman, Carmine <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, Underwood, John <john.underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>
X-cc: 'Hackney, Mark' <mhackney@apsc.com>
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

Thank you Bob, I plan on attending.

-----Original Message-----
From: Harshbarger, Robert [mailto:bharsh@puget.com]
Sent: Wednesday, June 13, 2001 9:40 AM
To: 'DEMPSEY, JERRY'; Ellingson, Mons; Fotiou, Demetrios; Grow, Lisa;
Holden-Baker, Susan; Smith, Chris; Tilghman, Carmine; Underwood, John;
Williams, Bill
Cc: 'Hackney, Mark'
Subject: Meeting


Based on what I've seen so far, looks like June 27th.

Based on that, I have tentatively booked a room 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. at
the PDX Conference Center, Portland, OR.  If you haven't been there before,
there's diagram/map at:

http://portlandairportpdx.com/web_pop/CONFER.HTM

Some of the items for an agenda:
*	Elimination of preschedule flag
*	Time table times refer to prevailing time of the sink/load control
area
*	Preschedule items
*	Real-time items

There are more specific items, I just haven't had enough coffee yet.  A real
agenda out next week.

Robert Harshbarger
Puget Sound Energy
OASIS Trading Manager
425.882.4643 (desk)
206.604.3251 (cell)

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <4067003.1075839945398.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Wed, 13 Jun 2001 12:21:39 -0700 (PDT)
From: john.underwood@avistacorp.com
To: tms-ditt2'.'holden-baker@enron.com, z34655 <m>,
	robert'.'harshbarger@enron.com, demetrios'.'fotiou@enron.com,
	lisa'.'grow@enron.com, chris'.'smith@enron.com,
	carmine'.'tilghman@enron.com, john.underwood@enron.com,
	bill.williams@enron.com
Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: "Underwood, John" <John.Underwood@avistacorp.com>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Underwood+2C+20John+22+20+3CJohn+2EUnderwood+40avistacorp+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: 'Holden-Baker, Susan - TMS-DITT2' <smholden@bpa.gov>, 'Ellingson, Mons M(Z34655)' <Mons.Ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, 'Harshbarger, Robert' <bharsh@puget.com>, 'Fotiou, Demetrios' <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, 'Grow, Lisa' <lgrow@idahopower.com>, 'Smith, Chris' <csmith@caiso.com>, 'Tilghman, Carmine' <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, Underwood, John <John.Underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>, 'DEMPSEY@wapa.gov'
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

In the week of the 25th., the 26th and 27th are fine, with the 27th being
the best.
Thanks, John

-----Original Message-----
From: Holden-Baker, Susan - TMS-DITT2 [mailto:smholden@bpa.gov]
Sent: Wednesday, June 13, 2001 9:14 AM
To: 'Ellingson, Mons M(Z34655)'; 'Harshbarger, Robert'; 'Fotiou,
Demetrios'; 'Grow, Lisa'; 'Smith, Chris'; 'Tilghman, Carmine';
'Underwood, John'; 'Williams, Bill'; 'DEMPSEY@wapa.gov'
Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team


I added my available dates below - thanks Mons!

-----Original Message-----
From: Ellingson, Mons M(Z34655) [mailto:Mons.Ellingson@pinnaclewest.com]
Sent: Wednesday, June 13, 2001 6:32 AM
To: 'Harshbarger, Robert'; 'Fotiou, Demetrios'; 'Grow, Lisa'; 'Smith,
Chris'; 'Tilghman, Carmine'; 'Underwood, John'; 'Williams, Bill';
'DEMPSEY@wapa.gov'; 'Holden-Baker, Susan'
Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team


-----Original Message-----
From: Bill.Williams.III@enron.com [mailto:Bill.Williams.III@enron.com]
Sent: Wednesday, June 13, 2001 6:16 AM
To: Ellingson, Mons M(Z34655)
Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team


Mons,
I would be available on the 25th, 26th or 27th.  I cannot make it the week
of the 18th.

Thanks,
Bill


-----Original Message-----

OK,
So far it looks likes this.  "Yes" is a date you can meet, "No" you can't.

		18	19	21	22	25	26	27
Jerry		No	No	No	No	No	No	Yes
Mons		No	Yes	No	No	Yes	Yes	Yes
Robert
Dometrios
Lisa
Chris
Carmine
John
Bill		No	No	No	No	Yes	Yes	Yes

Susan		No	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes



Thanks!
Mons



-----Original Message-----
From: Harshbarger, Robert [mailto:bharsh@puget.com]
Sent: Tuesday, June 12, 2001 5:56 PM
To: Ellingson, Mons M(Z34655); 'Fotiou, Demetrios'; 'Grow, Lisa';
'Smith, Chris'; 'Tilghman, Carmine'; 'Underwood, John'; 'Williams,
Bill'; 'DEMPSEY@wapa.gov'; 'Holden-Baker, Susan'
Cc: Hackney, Mark W(Z39911)
Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team


Great suggestion.  Yes, a meeting is needed, especially for same day
timelines.

May I suggest the conference center meeting rooms at the Portland Airport?
A fly-in, fly-out meeting 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.

If you have a better location or better idea, speak-up.  Otherwise, I'll
check on availability of a room.  Looks like we are down to the last two
weeks of this month - 18, 19, 21, 22, 25, 26, or 27.

I'll try to send out a list of topics for an agenda tomorrow.

Robert Harshbarger
Puget Sound Energy
OASIS Trading Manager
425.882.4643 (desk)
206.604.3251 (cell)

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <3753023.1075839945425.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Wed, 13 Jun 2001 12:14:04 -0700 (PDT)
From: smholden@bpa.gov
To: z34655 <m>, robert'.'harshbarger@enron.com, demetrios'.'fotiou@enron.com,
	lisa'.'grow@enron.com, chris'.'smith@enron.com,
	carmine'.'tilghman@enron.com, john'.'underwood@enron.com,
	bill.williams@enron.com
Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: "Holden-Baker, Susan - TMS-DITT2" <smholden@bpa.gov>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Holden-Baker+2C+20Susan+20-+20TMS-DITT2+22+20+3Csmholden+40bpa+2Egov+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: 'Ellingson, Mons M(Z34655)' <Mons.Ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, 'Harshbarger, Robert' <bharsh@puget.com>, 'Fotiou, Demetrios' <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, 'Grow, Lisa' <lgrow@idahopower.com>, 'Smith, Chris' <csmith@caiso.com>, 'Tilghman, Carmine' <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, 'Underwood, John' <john.underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>, 'DEMPSEY@wapa.gov'
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

I added my available dates below - thanks Mons!

-----Original Message-----
From: Ellingson, Mons M(Z34655) [mailto:Mons.Ellingson@pinnaclewest.com]
Sent: Wednesday, June 13, 2001 6:32 AM
To: 'Harshbarger, Robert'; 'Fotiou, Demetrios'; 'Grow, Lisa'; 'Smith,
Chris'; 'Tilghman, Carmine'; 'Underwood, John'; 'Williams, Bill';
'DEMPSEY@wapa.gov'; 'Holden-Baker, Susan'
Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team


-----Original Message-----
From: Bill.Williams.III@enron.com [mailto:Bill.Williams.III@enron.com]
Sent: Wednesday, June 13, 2001 6:16 AM
To: Ellingson, Mons M(Z34655)
Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team


Mons,
I would be available on the 25th, 26th or 27th.  I cannot make it the week
of the 18th.

Thanks,
Bill


-----Original Message-----

OK,
So far it looks likes this.  "Yes" is a date you can meet, "No" you can't.

		18	19	21	22	25	26	27
Jerry		No	No	No	No	No	No	Yes
Mons		No	Yes	No	No	Yes	Yes	Yes
Robert
Dometrios
Lisa
Chris
Carmine
John
Bill		No	No	No	No	Yes	Yes	Yes

Susan		No	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes



Thanks!
Mons



-----Original Message-----
From: Harshbarger, Robert [mailto:bharsh@puget.com]
Sent: Tuesday, June 12, 2001 5:56 PM
To: Ellingson, Mons M(Z34655); 'Fotiou, Demetrios'; 'Grow, Lisa';
'Smith, Chris'; 'Tilghman, Carmine'; 'Underwood, John'; 'Williams,
Bill'; 'DEMPSEY@wapa.gov'; 'Holden-Baker, Susan'
Cc: Hackney, Mark W(Z39911)
Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team


Great suggestion.  Yes, a meeting is needed, especially for same day
timelines.

May I suggest the conference center meeting rooms at the Portland Airport?
A fly-in, fly-out meeting 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.

If you have a better location or better idea, speak-up.  Otherwise, I'll
check on availability of a room.  Looks like we are down to the last two
weeks of this month - 18, 19, 21, 22, 25, 26, or 27.

I'll try to send out a list of topics for an agenda tomorrow.

Robert Harshbarger
Puget Sound Energy
OASIS Trading Manager
425.882.4643 (desk)
206.604.3251 (cell)

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <18923308.1075839945316.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Wed, 13 Jun 2001 12:52:33 -0700 (PDT)
From: john.underwood@avistacorp.com
To: robert'.'harshbarger@enron.com, jerry'.'dempsey@enron.com,
	mons.ellingson@enron.com, demetrios.fotiou@enron.com,
	lisa.grow@enron.com, susan.holden-baker@enron.com,
	chris.smith@enron.com, carmine.tilghman@enron.com,
	john.underwood@enron.com, bill.williams@enron.com
Subject: RE: Meeting
Cc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com
X-From: "Underwood, John" <John.Underwood@avistacorp.com>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Underwood+2C+20John+22+20+3CJohn+2EUnderwood+40avistacorp+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: 'Harshbarger, Robert' <bharsh@puget.com>, 'DEMPSEY, JERRY' <DEMPSEY@wapa.gov>, Ellingson, Mons <mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, Fotiou, Demetrios <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, Grow, Lisa <lgrow@idahopower.com>, Holden-Baker, Susan <smholden@bpa.gov>, Smith, Chris <csmith@caiso.com>, Tilghman, Carmine <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, Underwood, John <John.Underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>
X-cc: 'Hackney, Mark' <mhackney@apsc.com>
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

Thanks Bob, I plan to attend.
John

-----Original Message-----
From: Harshbarger, Robert [mailto:bharsh@puget.com]
Sent: Wednesday, June 13, 2001 9:40 AM
To: 'DEMPSEY, JERRY'; Ellingson, Mons; Fotiou, Demetrios; Grow, Lisa;
Holden-Baker, Susan; Smith, Chris; Tilghman, Carmine; Underwood, John;
Williams, Bill
Cc: 'Hackney, Mark'
Subject: Meeting


Based on what I've seen so far, looks like June 27th.

Based on that, I have tentatively booked a room 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. at
the PDX Conference Center, Portland, OR.  If you haven't been there before,
there's diagram/map at:

http://portlandairportpdx.com/web_pop/CONFER.HTM

Some of the items for an agenda:
*	Elimination of preschedule flag
*	Time table times refer to prevailing time of the sink/load control
area
*	Preschedule items
*	Real-time items

There are more specific items, I just haven't had enough coffee yet.  A real
agenda out next week.

Robert Harshbarger
Puget Sound Energy
OASIS Trading Manager
425.882.4643 (desk)
206.604.3251 (cell)

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <14306161.1075839945480.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Tue, 12 Jun 2001 20:56:27 -0700 (PDT)
From: bharsh@puget.com
To: mons'.'ellingson@enron.com, demetrios'.'fotiou@enron.com,
	lisa'.'grow@enron.com, chris'.'smith@enron.com,
	carmine'.'tilghman@enron.com, john'.'underwood@enron.com,
	bill.williams@enron.com
Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team
Cc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: 'hackney@enron.com, mhackney@apsc.com
X-From: "Harshbarger, Robert" <bharsh@puget.com>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22Harshbarger+2C+20Robert+22+20+3Cbharsh+40puget+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: 'Ellingson, Mons' <mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com>, 'Fotiou, Demetrios' <Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca>, 'Grow, Lisa' <lgrow@idahopower.com>, 'Smith, Chris' <csmith@caiso.com>, 'Tilghman, Carmine' <ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com>, 'Underwood, John' <john.underwood@avistacorp.com>, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>, 'DEMPSEY@wapa.gov', 'Holden-Baker, Susan' <smholden@bpa.gov>
X-cc: 'Hackney, Mark' <mhackney@apsc.com>
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

Great suggestion.  Yes, a meeting is needed, especially for same day
timelines.

May I suggest the conference center meeting rooms at the Portland Airport?
A fly-in, fly-out meeting 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.

If you have a better location or better idea, speak-up.  Otherwise, I'll
check on availability of a room.  Looks like we are down to the last two
weeks of this month - 18, 19, 21, 22, 25, 26, or 27.

I'll try to send out a list of topics for an agenda tomorrow.

Robert Harshbarger
Puget Sound Energy
OASIS Trading Manager
425.882.4643 (desk)
206.604.3251 (cell)


> ----------
> From: 	Holden-Baker, Susan - TMS-DITT2[SMTP:smholden@bpa.gov]
> Sent: 	Tuesday, June 12, 2001 1:33 PM
> To: 	'Harshbarger, Robert'; 'Ellingson, Mons'; 'Fotiou, Demetrios';
> 'Grow, Lisa'; 'Holden-Baker, Susan'; 'Smith, Chris'; 'Tilghman, Carmine';
> 'Underwood, John'; 'Williams, Bill'; 'DEMPSEY@wapa.gov'
> Cc: 	'Hackney, Mark'; Carter, Gloria J - TMS-DITT1; Ellingwood, Robert G
> - TMS; Hutchison, Wesley A - TMS; Buchanan, Shepard - TMS-DITT1; Buckmier,
> Shirley M.- TMS; McNeil-Keister, Jean - TMS; Hoffman, Lorie S - TMS-DITT1;
> Lyons, Barry D - TMS-DITT1
> Subject: 	RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team
>
> <<File: NERC Policy 3 E-tag timelines-draft2.doc>>
> I have attached BPA Transmission Schedulings' response to the questions
> posed by Bob in his email dated May 21 below.  If the group feels it would
> be helpful to meet to discuss the timeline issues, I am in support of that
> effort.  Otherwise, I look forward to the responses from the rest of the
> group.  Thanks, Sue.
>
> Sue Holden-Baker
> Bonneville Power Administration
> Transmission Supply
> (360) 418-8278
> smholden@bpa.gov
>
>
> -----Original Message-----
> From: Harshbarger, Robert [mailto:bharsh@puget.com]
> Sent: Tuesday, May 22, 2001 8:50 AM
> To: 'Ellingson, Mons'; 'Fotiou, Demetrios'; 'Grow, Lisa'; 'Holden-Baker,
> Susan'; 'Smith, Chris'; 'Tilghman, Carmine'; 'Underwood, John';
> 'Williams, Bill'
> Cc: 'Hackney, Mark'
> Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team
>
>
> Timeliners:
>
> Revision to yesterday's e-mail - due date is end of July.  So proposals by
> mid-June, first draft report by early/mid-July, discussion throughout.
>
> Bob
>
> > ----------
> > From: 	Harshbarger, Robert
> > Sent: 	Monday, May 21, 2001 5:16 PM
> > To: 	Ellingson, Mons; Fotiou, Demetrios; Grow, Lisa;
> Holden-Baker, Susan;
> > Smith, Chris; Tilghman, Carmine; Underwood, John; Williams, Bill
> > Cc: 	'Hackney, Mark'
> > Subject: 	A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team
> >
> > Yes, that's right, you did raise your hand for this.
> >
> > We are to submit to ISAS any recommendation(s) by August ??, 2001 (what
> > was the date, I didn't write it down).
> >
> > Is there benefit to have a face-to-face meeting?  Either way, we'll use
> > e-mail for discussion and maybe a conference call or two.
> >
> > First assignment is to read:
> > *	A3A1-Interim is what we are currently running with.
> > *	A3A1-version3-draft2 goes before the NERC BOT June 10-11.
> > *	A3A1-candr contains public comments and responses from NERC IS.
> >
> > <<File: a3a1-interim.doc>><<File: a3a1v3d2-0501.doc>><<File:
> > a3a1candr.doc>>
> > Questions to keep in mind:
> > *	Are our current timelines as good as it gets?
> > *	Do we want to adopt the Eastern Interconnection's timelines?
> > *	What are the deficiencies of our timelines?
> > *	Will these deficiencies be present under 1.7?
> > *	Which timing requirements could be changed with an reasonable amount
> > of effort (i.e., tariff items, AGC ramp times, A3A1, etc.)?
> >
> > Remember....
> > <<File: trainedpros.wav>>
> >
> >  Bob Harshbarger
> >  OASIS Trading Manager
> >  Puget Sound Energy
> >  (425) 882-4643 voice
> >  (425) 882-4496 fax
> >  (206) 405-5161 pager
> >  (206) 604-3251 cell
> >
>
> 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:22:23 2022
Message-ID: <28290629.1075839945452.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Wed, 13 Jun 2001 00:08:28 -0700 (PDT)
From: dempsey@wapa.gov
Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team
Cc: mhackney@apsc.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: mhackney@apsc.com
X-From: "JERRY DEMPSEY" <DEMPSEY@wapa.gov>@ENRON <IMCEANOTES-+22JERRY+20DEMPSEY+22+20+3CDEMPSEY+40wapa+2Egov+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com>
X-To: john.underwood@avistacorp.com, Demetrios.Fotiou@BCHydro.bc.ca, smholden@bpa.gov, Williams III, Bill </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BWILLIA5>, lgrow@idahopower.com, mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com, bharsh@puget.com, ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com, Chris Smith <CSMITH@wapa.gov>
X-cc: mhackney@apsc.com
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Operations Committee/ISAS
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

Bob and team -

If it works at all for the group - June 27th works great for me as I would already be in Portland and can attend this type of a meeting.  None of the other dates would work for me.

thanks - Jerry

>>> "Harshbarger, Robert" <bharsh@puget.com> 06/12/01 06:56PM >>>
Great suggestion.  Yes, a meeting is needed, especially for same day
timelines.

May I suggest the conference center meeting rooms at the Portland Airport?
A fly-in, fly-out meeting 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.

If you have a better location or better idea, speak-up.  Otherwise, I'll
check on availability of a room.  Looks like we are down to the last two
weeks of this month - 18, 19, 21, 22, 25, 26, or 27.

I'll try to send out a list of topics for an agenda tomorrow.

Robert Harshbarger
Puget Sound Energy
OASIS Trading Manager
425.882.4643 (desk)
206.604.3251 (cell)


> ----------
> From: 	Holden-Baker, Susan - TMS-DITT2[SMTP:smholden@bpa.gov]
> Sent: 	Tuesday, June 12, 2001 1:33 PM
> To: 	'Harshbarger, Robert'; 'Ellingson, Mons'; 'Fotiou, Demetrios';
> 'Grow, Lisa'; 'Holden-Baker, Susan'; 'Smith, Chris'; 'Tilghman, Carmine';
> 'Underwood, John'; 'Williams, Bill'; 'DEMPSEY@wapa.gov'
> Cc: 	'Hackney, Mark'; Carter, Gloria J - TMS-DITT1; Ellingwood, Robert G
> - TMS; Hutchison, Wesley A - TMS; Buchanan, Shepard - TMS-DITT1; Buckmier,
> Shirley M.- TMS; McNeil-Keister, Jean - TMS; Hoffman, Lorie S - TMS-DITT1;
> Lyons, Barry D - TMS-DITT1
> Subject: 	RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team
>
> <<File: NERC Policy 3 E-tag timelines-draft2.doc>>
> I have attached BPA Transmission Schedulings' response to the questions
> posed by Bob in his email dated May 21 below.  If the group feels it would
> be helpful to meet to discuss the timeline issues, I am in support of that
> effort.  Otherwise, I look forward to the responses from the rest of the
> group.  Thanks, Sue.
>
> Sue Holden-Baker
> Bonneville Power Administration
> Transmission Supply
> (360) 418-8278
> smholden@bpa.gov
>
>
> -----Original Message-----
> From: Harshbarger, Robert [mailto:bharsh@puget.com]
> Sent: Tuesday, May 22, 2001 8:50 AM
> To: 'Ellingson, Mons'; 'Fotiou, Demetrios'; 'Grow, Lisa'; 'Holden-Baker,
> Susan'; 'Smith, Chris'; 'Tilghman, Carmine'; 'Underwood, John';
> 'Williams, Bill'
> Cc: 'Hackney, Mark'
> Subject: RE: A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team
>
>
> Timeliners:
>
> Revision to yesterday's e-mail - due date is end of July.  So proposals by
> mid-June, first draft report by early/mid-July, discussion throughout.
>
> Bob
>
> > ----------
> > From: 	Harshbarger, Robert
> > Sent: 	Monday, May 21, 2001 5:16 PM
> > To: 	Ellingson, Mons; Fotiou, Demetrios; Grow, Lisa;
> Holden-Baker, Susan;
> > Smith, Chris; Tilghman, Carmine; Underwood, John; Williams, Bill
> > Cc: 	'Hackney, Mark'
> > Subject: 	A3A1 Ad Hoc Review Team
> >
> > Yes, that's right, you did raise your hand for this.
> >
> > We are to submit to ISAS any recommendation(s) by August ??, 2001 (what
> > was the date, I didn't write it down).
> >
> > Is there benefit to have a face-to-face meeting?  Either way, we'll use
> > e-mail for discussion and maybe a conference call or two.
> >
> > First assignment is to read:
> > *	A3A1-Interim is what we are currently running with.
> > *	A3A1-version3-draft2 goes before the NERC BOT June 10-11.
> > *	A3A1-candr contains public comments and responses from NERC IS.
> >
> > <<File: a3a1-interim.doc>><<File: a3a1v3d2-0501.doc>><<File:
> > a3a1candr.doc>>
> > Questions to keep in mind:
> > *	Are our current timelines as good as it gets?
> > *	Do we want to adopt the Eastern Interconnection's timelines?
> > *	What are the deficiencies of our timelines?
> > *	Will these deficiencies be present under 1.7?
> > *	Which timing requirements could be changed with an reasonable amount
> > of effort (i.e., tariff items, AGC ramp times, A3A1, etc.)?
> >
> > Remember....
> > <<File: trainedpros.wav>>
> >
> >  Bob Harshbarger
> >  OASIS Trading Manager
> >  Puget Sound Energy
> >  (425) 882-4643 voice
> >  (425) 882-4496 fax
> >  (206) 405-5161 pager
> >  (206) 604-3251 cell
> >
>
> 

