From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:25:32 2022
Message-ID: <15182591.1075846390591.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 1 Jun 2000 05:26:00 -0700 (PDT)
From: peter.weidler@enron.com
To: michael.terraso@enron.com, henry.van@enron.com
Subject: Re: Transredes Oil Remediation Efforts
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Peter E Weidler
X-To: Michael Terraso, Steven J Kean@EES, Henry Van
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Steven_Kean_Dec2000_1\Notes Folders\Staff meeting
X-Origin: KEAN-S
X-FileName: skean.nsf

thanks for the summary - as this spill had high visibility through out Enron 
Corp (Jeff and Joe) - if from your review - you can say things have been 
handled properly as far as the clean up is concerned  - then it would be good 
to convey this message on up the ladder.  If we can't say things have been 
handled properly and clean up is satisfactory - then I would like your shop 
to dispatch a team on behalf of Enron - so that we can either reach that 
conclusion or determine where we have fallen short.

Please let me know -

thanks

Pete




Michael Terraso@ENRON
06/01/2000 06:30 AM
To: Peter Weidler
cc: Steven Kean, Henry Van 

Subject: Transredes Oil Remediation Efforts

Pete,

as you are aware, two weeks ago,  I surveyed the Oruru Lake and the 
Desaguadero River to the original source of the January oil leak with Henry  
Van and Tony  Henshaw.  I was pleased with what I observed both from the 
helicopter and on the ground.   We did not see visible oil rainbows, oil or 
oil stains either in the lake or  on the river bed, with the exception of a  
close up inspection of a limited area of water reeds that had been red 
flagged by the cleanup team. Even in that area  it was difficult to see any 
residual without it being pointed out by Tony Henshaw.  Tony explained that   
they were waiting for the property owners permission to initiate cleanup 
operations there.

We  observed from the air some of the plastic bagged cleanup materials staged 
on banks of the river bed.  Tony again explained that they were awaiting  the 
property owners permission to remove them  .  I was told that the bags have 
now been disposed at  the Sica-Sica landfill area . 

It was apparent that a diligent effort has been made to mitigate the oil 
spill.

Henry will follow up with a more detailed account.

Mike


From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:25:32 2022
Message-ID: <733809.1075846390522.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Wed, 18 Oct 2000 04:37:00 -0700 (PDT)
From: janet.butler@enron.com
To: daniel.allegretti@enron.com, jbrown1@enron.com, shelley.corman@enron.com,
	tom_delaney@enron.com, john.dushinske@enron.com,
	robert.frank@enron.com, howard.fromer@enron.com,
	donna.fulton@enron.com, mary.hain@enron.com, joe.hartsoe@enron.com,
	rod.hayslett@enron.com, thoatson@enron.com,
	richard.ingersoll@enron.com, paul.kaufman@enron.com, skean@enron.com,
	rkittel@enron.com, elizabeth.linnell@enron.com,
	kathleen.magruder@enron.com, susan.mara@enron.com,
	rmcnamar@enron.com, janine.migden@enron.com, marcie.milner@enron.com,
	steve.montovano@enron.com, christi.nicolay@enron.com,
	sarah.novosel@enron.com, richard.shapiro@enron.com,
	dan.staines@enron.com, james.steffes@enron.com,
	edith.terry@enron.com, denis.tu@enron.com
Subject: Weekly FERC Electric Report
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Janet Butler
X-To: Daniel Allegretti, jbrown1@enron.com, Shelley Corman, tom_delaney@enron.com, John Dushinske, robert.frank@enron.com, Howard Fromer, Donna Fulton, Mary Hain, Joe Hartsoe, Rod Hayslett, thoatson@enron.com, Richard Ingersoll, Paul Kaufman, SKean@enron.com, rkittel@enron.com, elizabeth.linnell@enron.com, Kathleen E Magruder, Susan J Mara, rmcnamar@enron.com, Janine Migden, Marcie Milner, Steve Montovano, Christi L Nicolay, Sarah Novosel, Richard.Shapiro@enron.com, Dan.staines@enron.com, James.Steffes@enron.com, Edith Terry, Denis Tu
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Steven_Kean_Dec2000_1\Notes Folders\Staff meeting
X-Origin: KEAN-S
X-FileName: skean.nsf

Attached is the Weekly Electric Report for week ending October 13.



Also attached for your interest is the Notice establishing qualified 
documents for electronic filing, RM00-12.

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:25:32 2022
Message-ID: <24062188.1075846390568.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Tue, 6 Jun 2000 14:28:00 -0700 (PDT)
From: jeffrey.keeler@enron.com
To: joe.hillings@enron.com
Subject: Pipeline Safety activities week of 6/12
Cc: cynthia.sandherr@enron.com, stephen.burns@enron.com, chris.long@enron.com,
	steven.kean@enron.com, richard.shapiro@enron.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: cynthia.sandherr@enron.com, stephen.burns@enron.com, chris.long@enron.com,
	steven.kean@enron.com, richard.shapiro@enron.com
X-From: Jeffrey Keeler
X-To: Joe Hillings
X-cc: Cynthia Sandherr, Stephen D Burns, Chris Long, Steven J Kean, Richard Shapiro
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Steven_Kean_Dec2000_1\Notes Folders\Staff meeting
X-Origin: KEAN-S
X-FileName: skean.nsf

Joe & FGA Team:

Just wanted to make you aware that there will be a great deal of activity 
next week on pipeline safety legislation, with a markup of Senator McCain's 
legislation (S. 2438) expected in the Senate Commerce Committee on Thursday, 
June 15.

GPG Pipeline Safety VP Dave Johnson will be in DC on Monday the 12th through 
Wednesday the 14th, and we are setting up meetings with a number of Senate 
Commerce Committee members & staff.   Right now we have meetings planned with 
staff for Sens. McCain, Hollings, Gorton, Lott, Hutchison, Frist, Ashcroft, 
Burns, Snowe, Breaux and Murray.

INGAA stumbled into good timing by scheduling its "Pipeline Summit 2000" for 
Wednesday the 14th at the Hyatt on Capitol Hill, so a number of senior 
pipeline execs will be in town and can be called into action to lobby.   Phil 
Lowry, Managing Director of Operations for GPG will be speaking on a panel on 
Wednesday afternoon.

Also, since there will be a few CEOs in town, we are joining forces with El 
Paso and Duke to get some member meetings -- right now we have Sens. 
Hutchison and Breaux confirmed for the 13th.   Stan Horton was going to be 
traveling elsewhere, but is strongly considering re-arranging his schedule to 
come to DC on the 13th and 14th.   As incoming chairman of INGAA next year, 
he is very engaged on pipeline safety legislation, and wants to play an 
active role at this critical juncture.  I will advise you if Stan confirms 
his trip to DC.

If you would like additional information on this issue or our efforts, I will 
be at the Government Affairs Meeting in Ontario and will be happy to fill you 
in in more detail.

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:25:32 2022
Message-ID: <18656314.1075846390544.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Fri, 16 Jun 2000 04:47:00 -0700 (PDT)
From: john.hardy@enron.com
Subject: Significant activities Week of June 12
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: John Hardy
X-To: Steven J Kean@EES, Maureen McVicker@EES
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Steven_Kean_Dec2000_1\Notes Folders\Staff meeting
X-Origin: KEAN-S
X-FileName: skean.nsf

Major activities we have been working on include:
 
 1. Equity selldown issue - Trakya, India
  We have met with OPIC and EXIM and requested that they develop policies to 
guide proposed selldown considerations 
 2.  Azurix - Buenos Aires province water financing.  We have spent 
considerable time with azurix and the lending institutions getting all 
parties geared up for   fall Board consideration 
 3.  Cuiaba
  Conservation program - Woeking in 'washington to resolve concerns about the 
CFCP.
  Cuiaba II - siting of compression station issues.  I am insisting on an 
engineering report that demonstrates the efforts we have made to avoid 
putting compressor stations in the sensitive areas.  Then we will need a 
thorough consultation internally to decide the best way to present our 
conclusions not only to the NGO community but also to our friends who have 
supported us on Cuiaba.
 4.  OPIC in Mexico
  W are working with OPIC to develop a program enabling OPIC to move into 
Mexico.  Scott is working with Max Iziguirre to identify potential project   
leads
 5.  DR - IFC Default.  On June 15 we defaulted on the IFC loan.  We are 
ramping up a campaign to put pressure on the DR in this regard.

