From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:57 2022
Message-ID: <13826539.1075849857407.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 5 Apr 2001 08:25:00 -0700 (PDT)
From: greg.piper@enron.com
To: sally.beck@enron.com
Subject: FW: Costs/Mid Back office commercialization
Cc: louise.kitchen@enron.com, rahil.jafry@enron.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: louise.kitchen@enron.com, rahil.jafry@enron.com
X-From: Greg Piper
X-To: Sally Beck
X-cc: Louise Kitchen, Rahil Jafry
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Sally_Beck_Nov2001\Notes Folders\Piper, greg
X-Origin: BECK-S
X-FileName: sbeck.nsf

Why don't you and Rahil agree on the draft ASAP and then let Rahil send it 
out in draft form this Friday afternoon to all these individuals for their 
review and comments.  Rahil can work with these people directly next week on 
their comments.  Rahil is free from the day-to-day operations issues and has 
the time to push the product menu to the EA Originators.

We can still set up an offsite to finalize, but we need to get something out 
because these individuals are already out selling as we speak.

GP



 -----Original Message-----
From:  Kitchen, Louise  
Sent: Thursday, April 05, 2001 11:15 AM
To: Beck, Sally
Cc: Piper, Greg; Jafry, Rahil
Subject: Re: Costs

Shukaly resigned and left.

But I assume the invitation will be extended to all of their groups so that 
whoever they want can attend. 

I would actually prefer that the presentation is actually circulated to the 
groups on Friday rather than presented as we will wait forever on getting an 
offsite together.  How about circulating the presentation and then letting 
them refer all questions to Rahil - see how much interest you get.  One on 
ones are much better and I think this is how Rahil should proceed.  We need 
to get in front of customers in the next couple of weeks.

Let's aim to get a least three customers this quarter.

Louise


   

	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.  From:  Sally Beck                      
     04/04/2001 07:08 PM
	


To: Louise Kitchen/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc: Greg Piper/Corp/Enron 

Subject: Re: Costs  

Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are, 
the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue 
sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the 
DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft by 
this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  We are 
checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can catch 
both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all 
origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we can set a 
date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will simply do 
one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attendees are:

Gas   Frank Vickers (East)
   Laura Luce (Central)
   Barry Tycholiz (West)

Derivatives  Fred LaGrasta

Power  Dave Duran
   Ozzie Pagan
   Ed Baughman
   

Portland  Chris Calger

Calgary  Ladain

Mexico  Max Y. 

When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary guy 
and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL 
marketing team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the 
opportunity to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with 
Jean Mrha and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well.  

Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will work 
for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you 
would like.  --Sally  
 



Louise Kitchen
04/04/2001 03:50 PM
To: Sally Beck/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc:  
Subject: Costs

Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services 
with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?

Thanks

Louise





From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:57 2022
Message-ID: <25630968.1075849857499.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Mon, 19 Mar 2001 00:34:00 -0800 (PST)
From: greg.piper@enron.com
To: stephen.abbanat@enron.com
Subject: RE: CGI Proposal Update
Cc: rex.shelby@enron.com, rahil.jafry@enron.com, sally.beck@enron.com,
	beth.apollo@enron.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ANSI_X3.4-1968
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: rex.shelby@enron.com, rahil.jafry@enron.com, sally.beck@enron.com,
	beth.apollo@enron.com
X-From: Greg Piper
X-To: Stephen Abbanat
X-cc: Rex Shelby, Rahil Jafry, Sally Beck, Beth Apollo
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Sally_Beck_Nov2001\Notes Folders\Piper, greg
X-Origin: BECK-S
X-FileName: sbeck.nsf

You need to work for Sally Beck on this.  She is responsible for this and is 
a Managing Director responsible for all mid and back office, outsourcing or 
otherwise.  She must approve anything that goes out becuase it will effect 
her directly.

Phillipe is also very reluctant to "sell" any systems, especially if we have 
to support applications installed behind their firewall.  We are probably 
fine with most ASP models.  You need to meet with Sally as team on this ASAP.

After meeting with Sally, let me know what everyone agreed on.  I am in all 
day.

Thanks.

GP

 -----Original Message-----
From:  Abbanat, Stephen  
Sent: Friday, March 16, 2001 4:35 PM
To: Shelby, Rex; Piper, Greg
Subject: RE: CGI Proposal Update

Greg and Rex,

Thanks for the input.  I will try to contact Beth Apollo.  

Here are a few points I think will help.  

? I also read the partnering agreement carefully and sent the revised copy to 
Travis McCullough this morning
? At this time I believe our risk is quite low, as we are not officially part 
of the bid yet
? I will work very hard to keep everyone informed

The following points protect Enron from significant risk:

  1)  We were quite careful about what we sent to CSG (reviewed by Beth, 
David, Rahul and myself)
  2)  We did not quote any price for software or services
  3) The original RFP asked for a custom solution, which CGI is proposing. We 
do not participate in this work.
  4) The option to take a different approach (e.g. leverage existing software 
from a partner) is being proposed by CSG as an alternative approach, but is 
not priced.  The option would be explored during a "make versus buy" analysis 
within CSG's methodology (during the initial requirements and design phase).  
This gives us time to clarify our plans.

I hope these points might mitigate any concerns over the rapid time frame of 
the proposal.  As the proposal is due on Monday, I am not sure if there is 
time to engage a large number of reviewers, but I will ask CSG to copy Rahul 
and hopefully he can get appropriate input.

- Steve

 -----Original Message-----
From:  Shelby, Rex  
Sent: Friday, March 16, 2001 1:55 PM
To: Abbanat, Stephen
Subject: FW: CGI Proposal Update



 -----Original Message-----
From:  Piper, Greg  
Sent: Friday, March 16, 2001 1:54 PM
To: Shelby, Rex
Subject: RE: CGI Proposal Update

Who is the lawyer on this?

Can I see a copy of our proposal?

Sally Beck will have to see this first thing Monday morning and should be 
included on all e-mail traffic related to this.

Beth Apollo should be in the middle of this as well Beth Perlman and Rahil.

GP

 -----Original Message-----
From:  Shelby, Rex  
Sent: Friday, March 16, 2001 1:12 PM
To: Piper, Greg
Cc: Abbanat, Stephen
Subject: FW: CGI Proposal Update

Greg --

FYI.  Steve Abbanat has been working with Beth and Rahil to drive our 
participation in the CGI proposal.  Here's Steve's most recent update:


 -----Original Message-----
From:  Abbanat, Stephen  
Sent: Friday, March 16, 2001 1:06 PM
To: Jafry, Rahil; Berberian, David; Palmer, Mark S.; Perlman, Beth
Cc: Shelby, Rex
Subject: CGI Proposal Update

A brief update:

I spoke with the proposal leads at CGI (Greg Felton and Company) this 
morning, and all appears to be on schedule.

? Greg communicated our joint approach to the client and they are very 
interested
? Greg received Enron's materials and they are more than sufficient for our 
current proposal needs
? I received a draft of CGI's proposed teaming agreement.  I made made edits 
according to my knowledge of Enron's legal policies.  I will forward the 
document to legal if CGI accepts the changes
? Greg will complete CGI's initial proposal and forward the draft to Enron, 
for review, this weekend and on Monday
? The proposal is due Monday PM to CMS
? Presentations to CMS by potential vendors will occur on March 26th-28th.  
We should think about who attends and at what point we might want to use our 
internal contacts to approach the client.  For now we are waiting, based on 
CGI's advice.
? Since the client is in the requirements phase, we should think about how we 
might want to support that process, given our approach to delivering systems 
solutions

Thanks for everyone's support.
Steve

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:57 2022
Message-ID: <24079770.1075845067592.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 5 Apr 2001 18:25:00 -0700 (PDT)
From: greg.piper@enron.com
To: sally.beck@enron.com
Subject: FW: Costs/Mid Back office commercialization
Cc: louise.kitchen@enron.com, rahil.jafry@enron.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: louise.kitchen@enron.com, rahil.jafry@enron.com
X-From: Greg Piper <Greg Piper/ENRON@enronXgate@ENRON>
X-To: Sally Beck <Sally Beck/HOU/ECT@ECT>
X-cc: Louise Kitchen <Louise Kitchen/HOU/ECT@ECT>, Rahil Jafry <Rahil Jafry/ENRON@enronXgate>
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Beck, Sally\Beck, Sally\Piper, Greg
X-Origin: BECK-S
X-FileName: Beck, Sally.pst

Why don't you and Rahil agree on the draft ASAP and then let Rahil send it out in draft form this Friday afternoon to all these individuals for their review and comments.  Rahil can work with these people directly next week on their comments.  Rahil is free from the day-to-day operations issues and has the time to push the product menu to the EA Originators.

We can still set up an offsite to finalize, but we need to get something out because these individuals are already out selling as we speak.

GP



 -----Original Message-----
From: 	Kitchen, Louise  
Sent:	Thursday, April 05, 2001 11:15 AM
To:	Beck, Sally
Cc:	Piper, Greg; Jafry, Rahil
Subject:	Re: Costs

Shukaly resigned and left.

But I assume the invitation will be extended to all of their groups so that whoever they want can attend. 

I would actually prefer that the presentation is actually circulated to the groups on Friday rather than presented as we will wait forever on getting an offsite together.  How about circulating the presentation and then letting them refer all questions to Rahil - see how much interest you get.  One on ones are much better and I think this is how Rahil should proceed.  We need to get in front of customers in the next couple of weeks.

Let's aim to get a least three customers this quarter.

Louise


   


 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.  From:  Sally Beck                           04/04/2001 07:08 PM	
		



To:	Louise Kitchen/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc:	Greg Piper/Corp/Enron 

Subject:	Re: Costs   

Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are, the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft by this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  We are checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can catch both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we can set a date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will simply do one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attendees are:

Gas			Frank Vickers (East)
			Laura Luce (Central)
			Barry Tycholiz (West)

Derivatives		Fred LaGrasta

Power		Dave Duran
			Ozzie Pagan
			Ed Baughman
			

Portland		Chris Calger

Calgary		Ladain

Mexico		Max Y. 

When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary guy and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL marketing team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the opportunity to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with Jean Mrha and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well.  

Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will work for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you would like.  --Sally 	
	


 
Louise Kitchen
04/04/2001 03:50 PM
To:	Sally Beck/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc:	 
Subject:	Costs

Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?

Thanks

Louise







<Embedded StdOleLink>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:57 2022
Message-ID: <25036819.1075845067639.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Mon, 26 Mar 2001 15:48:00 -0800 (PST)
From: greg.piper@enron.com
To: sally.beck@enron.com
Subject: RE: Commitments this Week
Cc: philippe.bibi@enron.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: philippe.bibi@enron.com
X-From: Greg Piper <Greg Piper/ENRON@enronXgate@ENRON>
X-To: Sally Beck <Sally Beck/HOU/ECT@ECT>
X-cc: Philippe A Bibi <Philippe A Bibi/ENRON@enronXgate>
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Beck, Sally\Beck, Sally\Piper, Greg
X-Origin: BECK-S
X-FileName: Beck, Sally.pst

There is a meeting this Wednesday with CMS about outsourcing.  We have been shortlisted.  

Who should attend the interview with the potential client?

GP

 -----Original Message-----
From: 	Beck, Sally  
Sent:	Monday, March 26, 2001 11:26 AM
To:	Piper, Greg
Subject:	Commitments this Week

FYI

I will be out of the office on Wednesday, March 28.  I will be in Austin interviewing 1st year MBA students for the Enron Scholarships.  This will be the third year that Enron will give two to three $10,000 scholarships to top MBA students for use in their second year in business school.  It's great PR for Enron on campus (largest MBA scholarships given) and it has helped in our recruiting efforts as well.  We hired one of the first scholarship winners and he now works as an Associate in Generation Investments in Enron Americas.  Gene Humphrey was the senior member of the four-person interview team.  Now that is me.  This is just a day trip, and I will check messages during breaks and will be back in Houston late Wednesday afternoon.  

 I will also be in New York on Friday, March 30.  Steve Kean asked that I be the Enron participant at a Women in Business panel discussion at Columbia School of Business.   I think that the list of female MD's with their MBA is a short one.  

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:57 2022
Message-ID: <8702043.1075845067615.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Tue, 27 Mar 2001 16:09:00 -0800 (PST)
From: greg.piper@enron.com
To: sally.beck@enron.com
Subject: 
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Greg Piper <Greg Piper/ENRON@enronXgate@ENRON>
X-To: Sally Beck <Sally Beck/HOU/ECT@ECT>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Beck, Sally\Beck, Sally\Piper, Greg
X-Origin: BECK-S
X-FileName: Beck, Sally.pst

We need to run a little project over the next week or so.

I think it is time that you have someone inventory all the projects you have going in your group, sit down and go over them with me and then you and I make sure they still have support from a business unit or make sense at all.  Some of them involve IT resources and some don't.

I just want to take a breath for a moment and make sure every project you are doing (outside the daily operations that are so critical) is necessary and still has a sponsor at a business unit.  If not, we can stop several side projects and focus on the critical ones, save some money and make sure we get the 5 to 10 things that absolutely have to be done completed.

Your thoughts?

GP

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:57 2022
Message-ID: <18200531.1075849857429.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Tue, 27 Mar 2001 05:09:00 -0800 (PST)
From: greg.piper@enron.com
To: sally.beck@enron.com
Subject: 
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Greg Piper
X-To: Sally Beck
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Sally_Beck_Nov2001\Notes Folders\Piper, greg
X-Origin: BECK-S
X-FileName: sbeck.nsf

We need to run a little project over the next week or so.

I think it is time that you have someone inventory all the projects you have 
going in your group, sit down and go over them with me and then you and I 
make sure they still have support from a business unit or make sense at all.  
Some of them involve IT resources and some don't.

I just want to take a breath for a moment and make sure every project you are 
doing (outside the daily operations that are so critical) is necessary and 
still has a sponsor at a business unit.  If not, we can stop several side 
projects and focus on the critical ones, save some money and make sure we get 
the 5 to 10 things that absolutely have to be done completed.

Your thoughts?

GP

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:57 2022
Message-ID: <6791471.1075849857474.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2001 06:16:00 -0800 (PST)
From: greg.piper@enron.com
To: sally.beck@enron.com
Subject: 
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Greg Piper
X-To: Sally Beck
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Sally_Beck_Nov2001\Notes Folders\Piper, greg
X-Origin: BECK-S
X-FileName: sbeck.nsf

Let's meet in the next few days to discuss this issue of other groups selling 
your services as long as you are the desk, get to price and structure all the 
deals and make your quote with an appropriate margin in every deal.  Clearly 
we would have to initially put together a product menu for the EA group so 
they can understand what they are pitching as well as designate a person from 
your group to work with them so that the story gets told accurately to the 
potential customers.

Thanks.

GP

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:57 2022
Message-ID: <7891077.1075849857521.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 15 Mar 2001 07:43:00 -0800 (PST)
From: greg.piper@enron.com
To: andy.zipper@enron.com, sally.beck@enron.com
Subject: FW: CGI Related Target for Orig.
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Greg Piper
X-To: Andy Zipper, Sally Beck
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Sally_Beck_Nov2001\Notes Folders\Piper, greg
X-Origin: BECK-S
X-FileName: sbeck.nsf

FYI

GP

 -----Original Message-----
From:  Berberian, David  
Sent: Thursday, March 15, 2001 3:37 PM
To: Bibi, Philippe A.; Piper, Greg; Shelby, Rex
Cc: Palmer, Mark S.
Subject: CGI Related Target for Orig.

Philippe, Greg, Rex -

We have followed up with CGI on their "secret" target for our applications.  
It is CMS Energy
across town.   They will be presenting a careful (and short) concept proposal 
to them on the 26th of March.

Initial feedback on Enron being part of the solution was very positive by the 
business owner of the
rearchitecture.  Apparently, there is a significant process flow rework going 
on at the same time
and the business owner reports to the CEO on both topics.

We are in early in the process so there is room to still influence the 
overall approach they take,
according to CGI.   

David

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:57 2022
Message-ID: <18218300.1075849857561.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Tue, 27 Feb 2001 04:15:00 -0800 (PST)
From: greg.piper@enron.com
To: sally.beck@enron.com
Subject: RE: Out of the Office - March 2 and March 5
Cc: philippe.bibi@enron.com, rahil.jafry@enron.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: philippe.bibi@enron.com, rahil.jafry@enron.com
X-From: Greg Piper
X-To: Sally Beck
X-cc: Philippe A Bibi, Rahil Jafry
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Sally_Beck_Nov2001\Notes Folders\Piper, greg
X-Origin: BECK-S
X-FileName: sbeck.nsf

Have a good vacation.

 I talked to Rahil and he is going to focus a significant amount of his time 
with your team, from an origination perspective, on what you and I discussed 
yesterday.  We are also dedicating an analyst full time, that works for Marc 
Eichman in structuring, to work with Rahil and your team on getting the 
business plan and modeling completed for commercialization.

I am seeing Tom Gros today at 3 PM to discuss with him what I discussed with 
you yesterday.

Can we meet again this Thursday with you, your commercialization team and 
Rahil, Marc and the analyst to agree on what we want to accomplish in the 
next week or so?

Let me know your thoughts.

GP

 -----Original Message-----
From:  Beck, Sally  
Sent: Tuesday, February 27, 2001 11:18 AM
To: Piper, Greg; Philippe A Bibi/HOU/ECT@ENRON; Causey, Richard
Cc: Spiller, Tina; Peggy McCurley/HOU/ECT@ENRON; Westbrook, Sharron; 
Thompson, Patti
Subject: Out of the Office - March 2 and March 5

I will be out of the office on vacation on Friday, March 2 and Monday, March 
5.  I will check messages at the end of both business days.  My assistant, 
Patti Thompson ( x35926) will have contact numbers for me.  Since I will be a 
chaperone for my daughter and 80 other girls from the high school drill team 
at state competition in Dallas, it is unlikely that I will be easily 
reachable during the day.  

I will be back in the office on Tuesday, March 6.   

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:57 2022
Message-ID: <14133314.1075849857452.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Mon, 26 Mar 2001 04:48:00 -0800 (PST)
From: greg.piper@enron.com
To: sally.beck@enron.com
Subject: RE: Commitments this Week
Cc: philippe.bibi@enron.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: philippe.bibi@enron.com
X-From: Greg Piper
X-To: Sally Beck
X-cc: Philippe A Bibi
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Sally_Beck_Nov2001\Notes Folders\Piper, greg
X-Origin: BECK-S
X-FileName: sbeck.nsf

There is a meeting this Wednesday with CMS about outsourcing.  We have been 
shortlisted.  

Who should attend the interview with the potential client?

GP

 -----Original Message-----
From:  Beck, Sally  
Sent: Monday, March 26, 2001 11:26 AM
To: Piper, Greg
Subject: Commitments this Week

FYI

I will be out of the office on Wednesday, March 28.  I will be in Austin 
interviewing 1st year MBA students for the Enron Scholarships.  This will be 
the third year that Enron will give two to three $10,000 scholarships to top 
MBA students for use in their second year in business school.  It's great PR 
for Enron on campus (largest MBA scholarships given) and it has helped in our 
recruiting efforts as well.  We hired one of the first scholarship winners 
and he now works as an Associate in Generation Investments in Enron 
Americas.  Gene Humphrey was the senior member of the four-person interview 
team.  Now that is me.  This is just a day trip, and I will check messages 
during breaks and will be back in Houston late Wednesday afternoon.  

 I will also be in New York on Friday, March 30.  Steve Kean asked that I be 
the Enron participant at a Women in Business panel discussion at Columbia 
School of Business.   I think that the list of female MD's with their MBA is 
a short one.  

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:57 2022
Message-ID: <10780181.1075849857586.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Fri, 16 Feb 2001 10:29:00 -0800 (PST)
From: greg.piper@enron.com
To: thomas.gros@enron.com, andy.zipper@enron.com, rex.shelby@enron.com,
	sally.beck@enron.com
Subject: RE: CommodityHub Meetings with PwC and Accenture
Cc: philippe.bibi@enron.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: philippe.bibi@enron.com
X-From: Greg Piper
X-To: Thomas D Gros, Andy Zipper, Rex Shelby, Sally Beck
X-cc: Philippe A Bibi
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Sally_Beck_Nov2001\Notes Folders\Piper, greg
X-Origin: BECK-S
X-FileName: sbeck.nsf

I assume this meeting is strictly for Accenture and PWC to pitch their vision 
to Enron on how they would help add value or help Enron execute mid/back 
office and/or CommodityLogic in a commercial manner.  I don't want this 
meeting related at all to Andy's efforts with Accenture related to 
transaction feeds unless Andy thinks it is OK.

I have told Baldwin at Accenture that Mid/back office and CommodityLogic is 
separate from what he is working on with Dave Samuals and Andy on Transaction 
hubs and is separate from DealBench, etc.  If we are not careful, Accenture 
will be working with four or five different points of contact at Net Works 
and we will end up hurting ourselves.

I am counting on Salley, Rex, Andy and Tom ASAP to each understand what the 
other is doing with Accenture and make sure there is no way Accenture can 
work us to our disadvantage. I also think Accenture needs to earn our 
business because others can do what they are offering.

Also, check with Rex Shelby on PWC.  We just had an uncomfortable experience 
with PWC that everyone should understand.  I recommended an Accenture meeting 
but if Tom wants PWC, he should understand what they did to Rex.

Remember, all of this is very confidential so let's be very careful 
internally and no meetings without transaction specific NDAs.

Your thoughts?

I am out next week but will check voice mail daily at 36635.

Good luck.

GP

 -----Original Message-----
From:  Gros, Thomas D.  
Sent: Friday, February 16, 2001 3:26 PM
To: Piper, Greg; Zipper, Andy; Arora, Harry
Cc: Spiller, Tina; Lewis, Barbara; Cannon, Lydia; Flores-Cuellar, Brenda; 
Sandoval, Maria
Subject: CommodityHub Meetings with PwC and Accenture

In a meeting today with Greg, it became clear that all of us running Net 
Works platforms are heading down the path of creating some form of a "neutral 
hub" for the industry to use to exchange data.

At Greg's suggestion, I am trying to arrange meetings with PwC (Pat Guzman, 
Phil Greedy) and Accenture (Kenny Baldwin) on February 26 and/or 27 to see if 
either of them represent good candidates to administer the hub. The meetings 
will be held in the Enron building and should run about an hour.

My assistant will be contacting you/your assistants to coordinate these two 
meetings.

All the best,

Tom

