From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:00 2022
Message-ID: <10225342.1075855164987.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Tue, 17 Apr 2001 16:16:00 -0700 (PDT)
From: greg.couch@enron.com
To: kam.keiser@enron.com, phillip.love@enron.com, darron.giron@enron.com,
	errol.mclaughlin@enron.com, david.baumbach@enron.com,
	john.valdes@enron.com, martha.stevens@enron.com,
	russ.severson@enron.com
Subject: RE: Revival of the Risk brown bag sessions
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Greg Couch <Greg Couch/HOU/ECT@ECT>
X-To: Kam Keiser <Kam Keiser/HOU/ECT@ECT>, Phillip M Love <Phillip M Love/HOU/ECT@ECT>, Darron C Giron <Darron C Giron/HOU/ECT@ECT>, Errol McLaughlin <Errol McLaughlin/Corp/Enron@ENRON>, David Baumbach <David Baumbach/HOU/ECT@ECT>, John Valdes <John Valdes/HOU/ECT@ECT>, Martha Stevens <Martha Stevens/HOU/ECT@ECT>, Russ Severson <Russ Severson/HOU/ECT@ECT>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Errol_McLaughlin_Jan2002_1\McLaughlin Jr., Errol\Greg Couch
X-Origin: McLaughlin-E
X-FileName: emclaug (Non-Privileged).pst

Just a reminder to each of you that I requested this info by tomorrow.  I've received only one response so far.

Let me know if you have questions.

Greg

---------------------- Forwarded by Greg Couch/HOU/ECT on 04/17/2001 01:13 PM ---------------------------


Greg Couch
04/10/2001 05:36 PM
To:	Kam Keiser/HOU/ECT@ECT, Phillip M Love/HOU/ECT@ECT, Darron C Giron/HOU/ECT@ECT, Errol McLaughlin/Corp/Enron@ENRON, David Baumbach/HOU/ECT@ECT, John Valdes/HOU/ECT@ECT, Martha Stevens/HOU/ECT@ECT, Russ Severson/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc:	Irena D Hogan/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeffrey C Gossett/HOU/ECT@ECT 
Subject:	Revival of the Risk brown bag sessions

I have decided to revive the risk brown bag training sessions.

I need, from each of you, a list of the topics you would like to see covered.  I would like to see topics ranging from the most basic, up - whatever you feel is necessary for your group.  Please provide these to me no later than 04/18.  Feel free to offer anything.  Think about the concepts in the training modules while you are compiling your lists.

Once I have the topics, I will work with you to arrange a logical order to cover them in.  After that  Irena and I will set up a calendar, with approximately one session per month.  I am targeting mid-May for the first session.

The format of each session is up to the presenter, but a couple of suggestions are: a short presentation followed by Q&A, or an open forum.  Each session will be led by one of you, a suitable substitute, Jeff, or I, depending on the topic.  I will schedule, with your input and cooperation, who will present each topic.

I am also sending this note to John and Russ.  

John, I ask that you think about OA concepts that you feel will benefit the risk group, help our personnel work better with your group, and help us understand your duties better.  I would like for you to present at least a couple of topics to us.

Russ, if you think there are Sitara issues that would benefit the group, please let me know.

I am open to whether these sessions are mandatory or not.  My feeling is that some should be and others (the ones of a more basic nature) should only be mandatory for those people you feel need that month's subject matter.  Let me know your opinion on this.

With a small investment of your time, I believe this will be an excellent vehicle to get (and keep) topics of interest and training in front of your people.

I look forward to receiving your lists.  Let me know if you have any questions.

Greg 

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:00 2022
Message-ID: <21379335.1075855164917.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 2 Aug 2001 09:09:52 -0700 (PDT)
From: greg.couch@enron.com
To: kam.keiser@enron.com, errol.mclaughlin@enron.com, m..love@enron.com,
	anne.bike@enron.com, john.valdes@enron.com, russ.severson@enron.com,
	d..winfree@enron.com, david.baumbach@enron.com
Subject: RE: Recap of 4 points we are to address
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Couch, Greg </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GCOUCH>
X-To: Keiser, Kam </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Kkeiser>, McLaughlin Jr., Errol </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Emclaug>, Love, Phillip M. </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Plove>, Bike, Anne </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Abike>, Valdes, John </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Jvaldes>, Severson, Russ </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Rsevers>, Winfree, O'Neal D. </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Owinfre>, Baumbach, David </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Dbaumba>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Errol_McLaughlin_Jan2002_1\McLaughlin Jr., Errol\Greg Couch
X-Origin: McLaughlin-E
X-FileName: emclaug (Non-Privileged).pst

I have received feedback from a couple of you.  If the rest of you have anything to offer, please do so.  Otherwise, we will proceed with the list below, in addition to the feedback that I have received.

-----Original Message-----
From: Couch, Greg 
Sent: Thursday, July 26, 2001 4:25 PM
To: Keiser, Kam; McLaughlin Jr., Errol; Love, Phillip M.; Bike, Anne; Valdes, John; Severson, Russ; Winfree, O'Neal D.; Baumbach, David
Subject: Recap of 4 points we are to address


Please review this list and our proposed solutions.  I would like for us to provide the consolidated list to Jeff on Monday, 07/30, (since we have no staff meeting next week).  Let me know if you see any omissions.
 
1) Management skills
    * Enable employees to provide anonymous feedback to other desk controllers
    * Management class
 
2) Mentality/Dedication of employees
    * Spread projects around within desk
    * Know what your employees goals are and try to assist them in achieving those goals
    * Amex gift cards (from both Risk and Trading)
    * Spend 2 weeks with new employees investing our time in them to help them learn
    * Have more group outings
 
3) Manual processes
    * Attend IT meetings (Greg)
    * employee for Greg
 
4) Development of analytical skills
    * Use quizzes as a tool to identify areas where employees are deficient
    * Let group members teach each other  (I don't remember exactly what this point was...help me re-word it)

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:00 2022
Message-ID: <19304339.1075855164963.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Mon, 16 Jul 2001 12:42:13 -0700 (PDT)
From: greg.couch@enron.com
To: errol.mclaughlin@enron.com, kam.keiser@enron.com, m..love@enron.com,
	anne.bike@enron.com, john.valdes@enron.com, russ.severson@enron.com,
	d..winfree@enron.com, david.baumbach@enron.com,
	brian.gillis@enron.com, martha.stevens@enron.com
Subject: FW: Follow Up Meetings from Off-site
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Couch, Greg </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GCOUCH>
X-To: McLaughlin Jr., Errol </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Emclaug>, Keiser, Kam </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Kkeiser>, Love, Phillip M. </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Plove>, Bike, Anne </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Abike>, Valdes, John </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Jvaldes>, Severson, Russ </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Rsevers>, Winfree, O'Neal D. </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Owinfre>, Baumbach, David </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Dbaumba>, Gillis, Brian </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Bgillis>, Stevens, Martha </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Msteven>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Errol_McLaughlin_Jan2002_1\McLaughlin Jr., Errol\Greg Couch
X-Origin: McLaughlin-E
X-FileName: emclaug (Non-Privileged).pst

The agenda for the meetings is to discuss ways to address the four highest priority items raised in the offsite.  Jeff, as you recall, has asked us for our proposed solutions at the staff meeting in two weeks.  

As a reminder, here are the four:

1) Management skills
2) Metality/Dedication of employees
3) Manual processes
4) Development of analytical skills

Let me know if you have questions.
Greg


 -----Original Message-----
From: 	Hogan, Irena D.  
Sent:	Monday, July  16, 2001 2:20 PM
To:	McLaughlin Jr., Errol; Keiser, Kam; Love, Phillip M.; Bike, Anne; Valdes, John; Severson, Russ; Winfree, O'Neal D.; Baumbach, David; Couch, Greg; Gillis, Brian
Cc:	Soto, Elizabeth
Subject:	Follow Up Meetings from Off-site

I have scheduled  two lunch meetings, per Greg Couch, to serve as  follow up meetings from this weekend's off-site.  These meetings will take place this Wednesday and next Wednesday, July 18 and 25, both in EB 3270 from 11:30 AM - 1:00 PM (Houston time).

Brian, please reply to me with a number for us to reach you, via telephone conference for these meetings.


Thank you,

Irena

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:00 2022
Message-ID: <21632746.1075855164940.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 26 Jul 2001 14:25:06 -0700 (PDT)
From: greg.couch@enron.com
To: kam.keiser@enron.com, errol.mclaughlin@enron.com, m..love@enron.com,
	anne.bike@enron.com, john.valdes@enron.com, russ.severson@enron.com,
	d..winfree@enron.com, david.baumbach@enron.com
Subject: Recap of 4 points we are to address
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Couch, Greg </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GCOUCH>
X-To: Keiser, Kam </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Kkeiser>, McLaughlin Jr., Errol </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Emclaug>, Love, Phillip M. </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Plove>, Bike, Anne </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Abike>, Valdes, John </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Jvaldes>, Severson, Russ </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Rsevers>, Winfree, O'Neal D. </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Owinfre>, Baumbach, David </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=Dbaumba>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Errol_McLaughlin_Jan2002_1\McLaughlin Jr., Errol\Greg Couch
X-Origin: McLaughlin-E
X-FileName: emclaug (Non-Privileged).pst

Please review this list and our proposed solutions.  I would like for us to provide the consolidated list to Jeff on Monday, 07/30, (since we have no staff meeting next week).  Let me know if you see any omissions.
 
1) Management skills
    * Enable employees to provide anonymous feedback to other desk controllers
    * Management class
 
2) Mentality/Dedication of employees
    * Spread projects around within desk
    * Know what your employees goals are and try to assist them in achieving those goals
    * Amex gift cards (from both Risk and Trading)
    * Spend 2 weeks with new employees investing our time in them to help them learn
    * Have more group outings
 
3) Manual processes
    * Attend IT meetings (Greg)
    * employee for Greg
 
4) Development of analytical skills
    * Use quizzes as a tool to identify areas where employees are deficient
    * Let group members teach each other  (I don't remember exactly what this point was...help me re-word it)

From MAILER-DAEMON Mon Apr 18 14:23:00 2022
Message-ID: <25079690.1075855165014.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Tue, 10 Apr 2001 20:36:00 -0700 (PDT)
From: greg.couch@enron.com
To: kam.keiser@enron.com, phillip.love@enron.com, darron.giron@enron.com,
	errol.mclaughlin@enron.com, david.baumbach@enron.com,
	john.valdes@enron.com, martha.stevens@enron.com,
	russ.severson@enron.com
Subject: Revival of the Risk brown bag sessions
Cc: irena.hogan@enron.com, jeffrey.gossett@enron.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: irena.hogan@enron.com, jeffrey.gossett@enron.com
X-From: Greg Couch <Greg Couch/HOU/ECT@ECT>
X-To: Kam Keiser <Kam Keiser/HOU/ECT@ECT>, Phillip M Love <Phillip M Love/HOU/ECT@ECT>, Darron C Giron <Darron C Giron/HOU/ECT@ECT>, Errol McLaughlin <Errol McLaughlin/Corp/Enron@ENRON>, David Baumbach <David Baumbach/HOU/ECT@ECT>, John Valdes <John Valdes/HOU/ECT@ECT>, Martha Stevens <Martha Stevens/HOU/ECT@ECT>, Russ Severson <Russ Severson/HOU/ECT@ECT>
X-cc: Irena D Hogan <Irena D Hogan/HOU/ECT@ECT>, Jeffrey C Gossett <Jeffrey C Gossett/HOU/ECT@ECT>
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Errol_McLaughlin_Jan2002_1\McLaughlin Jr., Errol\Greg Couch
X-Origin: McLaughlin-E
X-FileName: emclaug (Non-Privileged).pst

I have decided to revive the risk brown bag training sessions.

I need, from each of you, a list of the topics you would like to see covered.  I would like to see topics ranging from the most basic, up - whatever you feel is necessary for your group.  Please provide these to me no later than 04/18.  Feel free to offer anything.  Think about the concepts in the training modules while you are compiling your lists.

Once I have the topics, I will work with you to arrange a logical order to cover them in.  After that  Irena and I will set up a calendar, with approximately one session per month.  I am targeting mid-May for the first session.

The format of each session is up to the presenter, but a couple of suggestions are: a short presentation followed by Q&A, or an open forum.  Each session will be led by one of you, a suitable substitute, Jeff, or I, depending on the topic.  I will schedule, with your input and cooperation, who will present each topic.

I am also sending this note to John and Russ.  

John, I ask that you think about OA concepts that you feel will benefit the risk group, help our personnel work better with your group, and help us understand your duties better.  I would like for you to present at least a couple of topics to us.

Russ, if you think there are Sitara issues that would benefit the group, please let me know.

I am open to whether these sessions are mandatory or not.  My feeling is that some should be and others (the ones of a more basic nature) should only be mandatory for those people you feel need that month's subject matter.  Let me know your opinion on this.

With a small investment of your time, I believe this will be an excellent vehicle to get (and keep) topics of interest and training in front of your people.

I look forward to receiving your lists.  Let me know if you have any questions.

Greg 

